I fully agree to that statement because of the follow reason . first , an already successful person will accept a high risk because he have a large security if he fail . when the new thing produce loss he still have the gain of the successful work action he do before . so he have a low risk than a person who could lose everything by experiment with new thing . secondly , the hunger for success grow with the success one have . a successful person know there have to be more than the already achieve . the know old pattern will only provide the know old amount of success . but to increase it there have to be find new unknown and maybe also unfamiliar kind of way which mostly have a high risk but also a high possible gain than the conventional one . if someone have a risky character he will not stop at the first success but look for more the whole life . the third and i think most important argument deal with experience with fear of the future . if a person be successful at least once in his or her life by take a risk he or she have make an important step . by cross the border in one ' s own mind once the next time it will be easy because you get a kind of imagination what ist wait for you on the other side . of course there be no possible calculation with all risk , there will always be some one do not think about . despite of that the person know how to deal with development that can not be foresee , so he or she have no or at least less fear of them . Thes argument show , why success on a high level be not possible without risk at a high level and therefore i agree with the give statement . 	GER
in today ' s world it be an undeniable fact that have broad knowladge of many academic subject have a crucial importance because people be in need of various information about many subject . today be professional in one subject be not enough to be succesfull and to compete with other competitor . perhaps you can do your job perfectly but there be many people who want to have that job . therefore you should be more different and effective than the other and this be possible just have broad knowladge about various academic subject . To begin with , it be a clear fact that world be so crowd and people have to compete to have good living condition . while their academic education procces be continue they should try to develop themselves in different field because to be specialize in one subject be not enough to pass other competitor . for this reason if they want to be succesful they should take into consideration this difficulty . in addition to this , people live in an compete world and if they want to be in high class or if they want to have good living condition they have to be powerful and of course they should have to enough equipment to fight and compete the other people . namely the most important weapon in this competition be have broad knowledge in today ' S world . all thing consider the obvious conclusion to be draw be that the world and age have significantly change . although real weapon such as gun be the most powerful equipment to compete with other country and people in various field in the past . now people be in need of different thing such as inteligance , ability and of course wide knowledge to show their difference from the other people . competition be difficult person who have broad knowledge , be intelligant and powerful will win the praise of people and life . 	TUR
I disagree that the trip which be lead by a tour guide in a group be a good way to travel . surely , if we travel with a tour gude , we can enjoy a trip even if we can not speal English well because if we have a problem , a tour guide will help us to solve the problem . in addition , we can go to famous place in a good way . it mean that we can go many place without waste time . at the same time , we will be able to get a lot of knowledge about the place which we go from a tour guide . if we travel with tour guide , we will enjoy and we will be safe . however , if we travel with a tour guide in a group , we have to mind time anytime . if we have free time , we have to come back on time which a tour giude say . if we want to look more , we can not do that if we travel with a tour guide . if we have a place which we want to go , we can not go there if the place be not the place of course even if the place be very near the way of course . if we travel by ourselves , we do n't need mind time . we can stay the place as we want . furthermore , we can make a plan the travel as we want . therefore , we do n't need get to the place which we be not interested in and we can go to the place only we be interested in . in my opinion , plan the trip be one of the enjoyment of trip . if we make a plan from first to finish , we may have some ploblem . however , if the trip be finish , we can get a lot of happiness . therefore , Idisagree 	JPN
I agree with this statement that ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' . successful people be those who keep on do experiment to make exist thing less complicated and they be the one who develop new thing . for example in earlyman ' s time people use to do travel by cart . but nowadays we be able to travel overseas . we use car , aeroplane , helicopter . if man have n't try new thing or man have n't use his innovative mind , he would n't be able to design new and fast way of transportation . moreover for success take risk and do new thing be necessary . for example in my family my mother be a house wife , my grandmother be also a housewife . but I want to be a scientist , so I be go against our conventional rule and regulation . I be try new thing which in our family nobody have try like I be plan to go abroad to get a doctoral degree as my country be a develoding one . so , I personally believe in the above statement . we should always try new thing and should give innovative thing to this world . make new technology by take risk be they key to success . for example if nobody have try go to moon , we wont be able to explore and know how do moon look and what be the property of moon . but sometimes try new thing can be dangerous too . for example ` ` Kalpana Chawla ' ' famous astronaut of NASA , die when her spacecraft be come back to the earth after do some valuable discovery . but in the long run ` ` Success go to those people who keep on try new thing instead of stick to old thing ' ' . 	HIN
well its a kind of statement that can be make just to encourage kid to learn more and new thing in their life . but as the say go that ` ` All that glitter be not gold ' ' the same can be apply to successful people as well . the fundamental cause of this problem be not in the people we talk about , but its within us . it be because we always measure a successful person only when his / her work achieve more recognition / fame and or money and that he/she be really worth something which most of us be not . thus its very hard to judge and measure success in term of money or fame or recognition , as for him its just a task he want to accomplish for himself . let consider a sport say soccer . we know that some of the player do play very well compare to rest of the player of that game , but in reality they only play those game which they practice for year without have to gain success in other game . the very same way we can not just say the founder of microsoft have be a very successful person as he do not do any thing apart from be in the business of provide software for computer . I wonder how much of knowledge or expertise he would have in the area of mining , the same would be the case in the designer ware and clothing segment of business . interestingly there be an argument that walmart or the other chain store should be consider successful people . I would opine against the people as well in term of success as what they have be do be that of selling . I definitely would have say some peron successful if he would have achieve a good name and money in the area of selling , also gain the same momentum in other area such as manufacturing and in research . thus I would rather say that some people remain successful even when they try new thing . 	TEL
yes , I agree with the statement that ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . the Homo sapiens can be broadly classifed into two category . the first category consist of those people who be happy to live a risk-free normal life . they like to get up in the morning , do the house chore and leave for the office , sit in a cubicle and spend 8 hour 5 day a week . they want to enjoy the weekend with the family and Live HAPPILY EVER AFTER . the main charaterstic of this category be that they want to live their life exactly in the same manner as their neighbour be live . the only example that come to my mind for this category be the Common Man . this be what differentiate them from the other category of Homo sapiens . they make a contribution to the society as a WHOLE but their individual contribution be minimal . they will not be remember because of the fact that they do what they be tell to do . the second category of Homo sapiens be those who actually make the world a good place to live in . people in this category have the name like Albert Einstein , Thomas Edison , Mahatma Gandhi , Yuri Gagarin , and many other . What make them special be the fact that they all be curious and excited to explore new area in their field . Albert Einstein and Thomas Edison make a breakthrough in science , give us gravtiy and elctricity respectively . Mahatma Gandhi create ripple in the political world through his approach of non-violence movement . because Yuri Gagrin dare to enter into space , that we be able to think beyond the planet earth . these people have some characterstics similar at root level . they be ready to work in a monotonous environment . they be ready to risk anything to prove their point . 	HIN
I agree with young people nowadays do n't give enough time to help their community . they can easily have lot of thing an rerach them / i mean that have great change in tecnology they do n't need to community help . they become unsocial people in the universe . 	TUR
it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic rather than to specialize in one specific subject , as gain of knowledge depend on the exchange of information . innovation of new thing be do by have broad knowledge of subject in many academic subject . an wide view of an individual in the knowledge can achieve his or her goal towards his or her sucess . have an broadknowledge in academic subject not only make perfect person but also increase confidence in him which be very much essential in growth of the person . broad knowledge of many subject make the person to get focus on the change trend of technology , change in technology which require the innovative thinking and smartness and talent and wide range of information to make the company to progress and flourish in the future . for example an company which be under devolping require an efficent and effective people to bring the fame to the company , so the company depend on sort of person who could bring an all round change in its performance . company hire an person who be well establish an know about the all aspect of marketing and bussiness . the company need a lot of commitment and dedication , at the sametime he must be smart enough to scope with the situation and understand the need of company and anlaylse the problem with broad knowledge and give an correct solution so that it its sector be establish in fullfledged . in the downfall the company he must be able to think the main reason for its downfall by actually knowing which sector have to be improvise and perfect soloution should be give which solve it instantly . increase in the future trend and demand of the society , an thorough knowledge on academic subject make an person an conceptual and make him more pratical in real time situation . rather than specialization in one subject its more important to focus on whole . knowledge be divide and partition in various subects , so understand the whole knowledge of an academic its important to be perfect all the subject 	TEL
I do not agree with this statement . in my opinion it be not possible to do such a statement and to make clear what I mean , I ' m go to explain my point of view with some example . Befor I start study medicin I work as a Rettungsassistentin . I meet a few pepole , old and young one and I often have the time to talk with them for a while . Everyone have his own live-story and many of them really like to tell me about their position to live and their experience . now I would like to describe two really sicnificant conversation I have . the first conversation I have be with an old woman . she be about @card@ year old and live in a pension for old . she be very sick but always with a smile on her month . we meet a several time and we always talk a lot . she tell me great storey about her and her husband Karl who die 2 year ago . All the time she feel absolutely fine with herself and the world around and that ' S why I ask her one day what her miracle be like . she laught and answer me > young lady , do not belief that I do not know how crule life can be , I have see it . but this be the reason why I be so lucky . I thank good for what I have and I enjoy everyday in my life . it be a question of position . > the other situation I would like to describe be with a girl in my age . she want to kill herself becaus her boyfriend leave her two day ago and she thougt life would be over know . for her there be no more sense in life . I think this statement make at the beginning be not right . it be important to look individually at everyone ! it be a question of view ! 	GER
nowadays , a product be for @card@ % sell thank to the marketing department . this imply that the marketer have to prove and to show ourselves that the product they sell be the good on a certain market . it seem that everybody from the twentieth century must be aware of the great impact that the enterprise have on our shopping . it be totally right that the firm will try to transmit a message through its product in order to reach our desire and our need . they put their whole ressources in the communication , everything lean on it . know this , the customer should be able to distinguish the reality from the dream . the enterprise use the naivity and the innocence of some people a lot . in consequence , this be our role as consumer to know that an advertisment do not reflect the real quality of a product . Everything be base on the image the firm want to show . for example , a toy for kid will always seem well than it really be . mostly because the child will want to see it like that and to be attract to it . it be exactly the same thing for a target market like the age person . the entire society be conditionned to be - or at least to seem - perfect and beautiful until no age . the enterprise know that and use this influence a lot to sell their product . as a conclusion , it be hard to define either advertisement be more or less representative of the reality . it be sure though , that the objective of an enterprise be to make the consumer believe that their product will give them beauty , health or anything they be try to find . moreover , it depend on the personnality of the buyer because they wo n't have to buy the product . they will take the final decision . in other word , it be up to us , consumer . 	FRE
today , young people do not give enough time to help their community . I agree partly with the previous statement . the first point , I wuold like to make be that the young people nowadays be very busy with own engangement , that do not have enough spare time . I think , that this be the main motive because young people do not give enough time to help their community . as regard me , I be a student at University , I do not ever have time spare . I be always busy to work to university . many time I do not have time to see my boyfriend and my friend , also I have feel to to help my community , I do not have time to make it . therefore , last year I suceed to organize a big party , in my country , to gather money to help the poor childern . in addiction , sometimes I help the child of my country to make homework . these event seldom happen , because I do not enough spare time . my situation be similar with the situation of my friend . in conclusion , I think that today , yuong people do not give enough time to help their community . in addition , I think that the main reason of this type of bahavior be that yuong people do not have enough time . 	ITA
I disagree with the opinion that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community because I know a lot of young people do help their community . I have friend who be engage in the group of comedian . they be all from @card@ to around @card@ year old . whereas they perform at theater to make money , they also perform for child and elderly people at daycare center . they say that they just really like to see the audience laugh . I know a group which be call ` ` Guardian Angels . ' ' the group be consist of about @card@ young people . the member of the group patroll around downtown and if they find someone who need help , they help or advise him/her . for example , when they find girl who be under @card@ or young after midnight in the street , they convince them to go home earlier . another example be that a young woman help her community develop their sight-seeing industry . she work at a travel agency in her small town . because she want to make her town well-known , she decide to appeal her town . she plan to have a festival and carry it out . people in the town cooperate with her and bring a lot of food , craft and suvenirs to the festival . as a result , a lot of people come to visit her town and the town have improve their sight-seeing industry . thus , a lot of young people be assosiated with their community and contribute to them . they simply enjoy help their community . 	JPN
although most advertisement company state insistantly that they be deeply consider the ethical issue in advertisement , I think most of the advertisement produce by these company be exaggrated . firstly , these company be take high amount of money from customer and as a result they want to appreciate these customer . rather than use creativity in preparation process , they just exaggrate the property of the product . after all these deception , the product can be perceive much more valuable by the public . in order to avoid these type of mislead advertisement , there should be an effective control mechanism like a properly working group which investigate the advertisement before they be publish . a second solution might be strict regulation like fine the mislead company etc . secondly , these advertisement only emphasize the positive attribute of the product but give no information about its drawback . in this way , people who buy the product , do not the weak point of the product . for instance , a product which can clean only smooth surface might be use by the owner on rough surface which will probably cause deformation to the product . here , it can be state that this problem be cause by the advertisement which do not include the constraint of the product . finally , there be a great competition between the product of different company which cause the omittion of some ethical value . rather than state the drawback , praise be a common style in the advertisement . To conclude , the advertisement be mislead in most way and these fault must be correct by mean of proper control mechanism . furthermore we should know that frankness be the most important virtue on the earth . 	TUR
do young people enjoy life more than old people do ? if I be ask to answer this question , I would say no . many old people think and say that young people have freedom and they can do whatever they want . however , that be not true for young people because there be many thing to do for young people befor they become an adult . as a young person , I feel like I have very limit life . teen go to school everyday , they have to do their homework and project , and they also have to prepare to go to college . prepare for the college give a lot of stress to young people because most of the student want to go to good college . in order to go to good college , they need to work hard in school and also they need to do many extracurricular activity . even though they have something that they want to do , either there be no free time for them or there be thing that be not allow to young people . also , in order to achieve their goal in the future , it seem it be necessary to go to college and study in the field they want to study . without that education , it be hard to get a job in the high position or to earn a lot of money . not only that , but also they need to listen to their parent because they be not adult yet . if the parent do n't agree with something that you want to achieve , you need to either give up or change your mind . there be actually no freedom for teen at school or at home . old people be more able to do whatever they want because they have freedom and they do n't have financial problem because most of them work . basically , they can buy anything they want without ask or get permission to their parent , and they can also do whatever they want without be pressure under parent . we do n't exactly know when a young person become a old person , but what we know be that when a person become old enough , they can enjoy their life do whatever they want and they have more freedom than the young people . 	KOR
I would disagree with the give statement i.e. ` ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ' ' . I strongly feel that the good way to travel would be alone or with a bunch of people share similar interest . the reason for this would be for the simple fact that the tour guide would take you to a set of place which be the city be famous for and these place might not necessarily interest me in particular . I would like to cite a simple example . last year for the new year i have to go to Goa ( which happen to be a major tourist destination in India ) . Goa be know for a lot of thing . great beach , Brilliant Churches ( Goa be under the Portugese control for over @card@ year , so lot of European influence in the architechture ) and a pretty rock night life . I and my friend decide against have a tour guide as ` ` Goan Music ' ' , in other word ` ` Psy Trance ' ' , interest us more than the church or the beautiful beach out there . the tour guide would have charge us a bomb for show the church , talk a bit about the local culture and walk us down the beach ! we go to goa for the simple fact that it happen to be the hub for some great electronic music and since every one in my group be incline to the same objective , all of us start explore the city all by ourselves ! we buy some local map , hire a couple of bike , bug people for direction and it all add to the experience ! I wouldnt have enjoy it to this extent have i go for a tour operator . guide be only out there to make money and in today world , guide arent a neccessity while go on a trip because you have enough information available in the form of book , Internet etc . so i would strongly recommend to go alone and do away with a tour guide just beacuase it would add to the whole expereince of travel . 	TEL
when a product be develop , there must be a way to introduce it to the public , and once it ' S on the market , a way to increase its popularity and therefore its sale . this be where advertisement come in , to make the most sale and profit out of any kind of product , of any quality , and of any actual functionability , and I strongly emphasize ` ` of any quality , and of any actual functionability ' ' since most advertisement make the product seem much good than they really be . I believe it have happen to all of us that we see a commercial on T.V. about a product that interest us , mainly because the function it will perform help us in some way , or make us more comfortable and happy , but when the product be purchase , it stand far from what we think it would be or it would do . many people try to look at this as a scam have be portray against them , but the truth be that advertisement be mainly do its job , which be attrack potential buyer . the advertisement ' S purpose be to make you believe that this product be the good in quality , the good in price , and the good in its performance , in other word , its the good of the best in its kind . in order for marketing professional to reach this goal they must study the behavior of the public this product be be intend for , its interest , its like and dislike , and even its dream and routine , so that the product can be address in the most proper way and in the most proper time , present it as something that the potential buyer could never live without . the truth be , that some product do live up to its advertisement and to the buyer expectation , but those be surely not the majority ; and in the rest of the case I believe we just have to look out , and pay very close attention to the real message that its be send when this advertisement be play and display anywhere thay be , because even if the marketing proffesional understand what my desire be and whay my behavior might be in front of a certain situation , he or she can not dictate what I will actually do , only I be in control of myself . 	SPA
advertising in the art of convincing customer to buy specific product . it be obvious that advertisement do not provide a complete information to the customer . that be not the original purpose , even if it provide sometimes useful information , and other way exist for customer to get information about the product they want to buy . for example , a lot of independent websites compare all the model of the same product available in the market . but even if advertisment be not suppose to provide a complete information , they often describe some feature of the product . do that , they can not lie about objective characteristic because it be not legal and the advertisement would be forbid by the competent authority . then , how advertisement can lie to the customer ? the way to describe a product can be very subjective and it be obviously the case for advertisement . for example , if you present a car with very beautiful girl or boy drive it , you do n't lie but you give the illusion that the car be good than it would be with a normal driver . that be seduction . a advertising be seduction . when you be interested in someone and you have a date you do not wear every day ' S clothes . you take more time to appear ` ` much good than [ you ] really be ' ' . that be seduction too and nobody seem to be against this kind of ` ` subjective lie ' ' . in my opinion , the statement ` ` most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be ' ' be true but that be not a problem because everybody know that advertisement be subjective . there be a game of seduction between company and customer . we have to know the rule and take part of the game . I think that the life would be less interesting without this kind of subjective communication , beyond technical description . 	FRE
I agree that the people nowadays do not devote enough time towards help their community . the community can prosper only when everyone get along and make the community well in many way . these may be due to various reason . one reason be today people hav become so busy that they hardly have time to spend it with their community they be so preoccupy with other matter that they dont give that much prefernece to whats go on in the community . they hardly be able to make enoungh time which can be spend with community let alone help it . because of their complex lifestyle people generaly prefer to have time to spend in other intresting thing than go to community and help other . even though it important to help community one cant be force into talk up the cause . the people can not be force into do communitiy service without their willingness . the people who do not do coommunity service do not know what it be all about the imagine it as one of the borin thing in life . another thing which take people away from help community be theit hectic schedule . the people usually work in weekday and want to relax during the weekend . the consider help service as job which make them think whether they should get involve or relax and get ready for the next week . due to their poor knowledge regard what be mean by ` help their community ' also big factor which force people away from the participate in community service . people should make aware of the effect the helping can make on the society it be for their betterment that this type of service be be conduct . the people be more concerened about themseleves and do not give much attention to the happening in the society . for example lack of awareness people dont even now whats go on in their surroundings . To conclude people be get away from their duty . they tend to forget their responsibility towards community which indeed be a large family . help the community will only give satisfaction that he or she have contribute to the society in one way or another . thus people should try and make some time for help other in community , which can only make the community well to leave in . 	TEL
I disagree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help the community . in many organization and foundation , there be a lot of young people work to help the community . a lot of school also require student to do community service . sometimes do community service be a relax for us . we young people do want to get involve in the community . community service be require by most of the school in United States . student be require to do amount of hour whether they like it or not . by do community service , student help in theirt community and make time for the community because they need to finish their community service requirement in order to pass the grade . some school will also give out honors to those who work over the requirement . we student will work harder and give out more hour to the community to gain those honors . even though some studnets be not willing to do the community service , they still give out a lot of time to the community because of the requirement . a lot of young people give out their time to the community to relax and get way from their school work . a lot of time student , include me , be tire of the school work and material and want relax . I find help the community allow me to relax and not think about my work . at the same time , I ' m use my relaxing time to help my commuity and the people who need my help . it be benefitial to both my community and myself . in conclusion , Young people nowadays do give enough time to help their community in many way . whether we young people do community service for the school requirement or to relax from school work , we be give time and energy to our community and to get involve in the community . 	CHI
most company allot a huge amount to advertisment . why do they do that ? be be still beneficial after use thousand of dollar just on the advertisement ? as the matter in fact , it be . I actually read an artical about a drink advertisement use a Korean top star . the sale of the product have increase dramatically after advertisement . why have this phenomenon happen ? first , most advertiser try to make a good image of the product through the advertisment to attract customer . there ' S actually no one try to complain their own product on TV . hence , the consumer unconciously accept that the product on the TV or the paper be actually well through the image that the advertisement . for example , create an image of beauty or health by use Jessica Alba on the picture make people think that ` ` oh , if I use that product , I will be beautiful and healthy like Jessica Alba . ' ' furthermore , advertisement put unconcious trust in people ' S mind . it be an human instinct that the product that we know be good than other unknown . and advertisement make product more widely know . people just simply ca n't trust thing that they do n't know about . hence , by use the phenomenon , advertising create a kind of fake trust on the product . for example , what would you use between a Pantene or a shampoo you never see , even though you never use both . most of the people would choose Pantene because they know it . advertising be a kind of magic or trick that attract people to use it and it ' S actually the purpose of the progress . by soak a pleasant image of Hollywood star , for example , and use the human instinct of preference to famous product , it paralyze people to buy them . however , we have to be aware that ` ` a picture mean more than thousand of word . ' ' we have to experience ourselves than just experience through a TV . 	KOR
I completely agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people do . enjoyment in itself be symbolic for freshness . age certainly be a big factor in determine the freshness at heart to enjoy life at the full . the most important factor that support this idea be that young people be away from responsibility and day-to-day life woe . they be either dependent on their parent or have some support for themselves . this kind of independence enthuse them to feel free thereby add on to the fun in their life . old people be experienced and have family to look upon . their domain start and finish with their family . so their enjoyment be limit to family , colleague and near-ones . moreover with the passage of time , the feeling of be satisfy with life increase . the need shrink to bare minimum and emotional support dominate over feeling of enjoyment . especially those who enjoy a lot at a young age tend to get away from enjoyment in old age . take for instance , in country like India and Sri Lanka , old people find pleasure in spiritual activity and become more incline towards lead an ascetic life refrain themselves from enjoyment altogether . other factor that help young people to enjoy life more be the state of their health , which certainly be good than old people . as age advance , the body do not allow all activity to be do they could be do during young age . for example young people can have no limit on eating , say , chocolate , but old people ca n't do so . young people , be adventurous at heart , tend to take challenge , make new friend and thus expand their social circle and broaden their horizon . on the other hand , old one do not mix up so easily and rely on already build up relation . another argument that favour the statement be that since old people have already enjoy at some point of time in their life , so they feel fill and complete in themselves and be leave practically with no desire to enjoy . thus it be quite convince to believe that young people enjoy more than old one . 	HIN
nowadays young people have change a lot , their education change and they change with it , be suposse to be a more liberal educacion with less rule and more freedom , but maybe we be give freedom to people that be not ready to use it properly yet . What I want to say with that be that young people today spend more time look at themselves than try to be part of the society . maybe be because they be live in a society that do not offer them what they be look for and for that reason the be not in the mood to participate of their community . we be live in the telecomunications era . you can live without human touch . without go out of your own house . most of young people think that his communiti be to small for them so they use Internet to feel they be part of something really great , to feel importans . they do not mind if his neighbour need salt or if his hometown be clean or not . they be upon all that . as an example I can use new kind of culture that I have red about in a magacine last week . it be a new way of life , it be very extend in Japan , and their philosophy of life be not to have any personal relation if it be not via Internet . so they borke off whit their family and with their friend and they star live all by themselves . use Internet for everything , for work , make their shoping , make friend and all the natural thing that we be use to do in our life . hearing thing like that I have get the hoppe that maybe in the future young people will help their community , maybe they would be cybercommunities but the main idea be to be part of something . 	SPA
I agree this sentence . young people every time enjoy life more than old people . in my opinion young people very active , make alot of sport , listen music , dancing , sing song , read go cinema . but old people prefer to aloneto communite other people . young people doesnt like think life condations , financial problem by contrast old people . although young people very powerfull they dont interest any problem for instance ; national economy , envoiremental poisionus , starvy . they think every time enjoible thing . in addition these young people spend as twice as old people . they dont like mension about their lesson . where as old people like travellng , resarching event , read observe event , listen romantic music . Conculision being young people be very entertaining thing . young people chance and give to our life movement . if they dont have our life make us unhappy . world be very active and peacefull them . 	TUR
have you meet a person who be knowledgable ? you might say in your heart . How creative and smart he be ! but have you try to be knowledgable like him ? it be definitly not a sophistacated task if you know the benifis from be knowledgable . indeed , if you have broad knowledge of many academic subject , you will be more successful in your pesronal life and in your practical career . first of all , just imagine yourself know a huge various knowledge . that in fact will make your personal life easier . it will also assist you to face many problem in your daily life . as we all know that you may face many challenge in your life and without be broad knowldgable you can not control all matter . in retrospect , I still remember my uncle who be very knowldgable . I be a big fan of him . I use to ask him . ` ` my uncle , what make you successful in your life . ' ' he answer , ' ' learn and learn until that last moment of your life . that will make your future bright . ' ' and I use his advice and from that time and initiate reading and reading . now , I can see the huge difference in my mind and in my life . secondly , be broad knowledgable will make you practical career more successful . we sometimes in our career need some idea in another field . for instance , I work at the Capital Bank of Saudi Arabia . my major be ecnomice but sometimes I need some information in computer . because of that , I decide to attend computer class . eventually , I bacame able to do many task in my job by use the computer . in conclusion , get the most knowledge that you can will help you wherever you go . it will suppot you to acheive your life ' S goal . it will assist you to accomplish your goal in your job . dear reader , it be time to take my my advice , learn and travel among the academic subject and you will find yourself in the top . 	ARA
it be true that the youth of today be much different than they use to be in the past . technological advancement lead to a more rapid pace of life have indeed bring about a revolutoinary change in young people nowadays . this have lead to the fact that they do not give enough time to help their community . One of the most important reason be the lack of time available to the young people for such activity . they be more involve in their career , family , social and sport activity . hence , they seldom find it possible to take time out of their busy schedule . secondly , people be much more competitive nowadays . there be competiton in each and every field today . it be the time where only the fit of people survive . Everyone want to build a good career so that they can provide for their family as well as to ensure a bright and prosperous future . in this rat race , they be leave with no time to think about those outside their family . hence , they choose to turn a blind eye to their responsibility towards their community . lastly , they be not aware of their responsibility and duty as individual towards other . it be sad that few choose of them to remain so still . there be a need for awaken the youth so they become more aware . there be few young people who have still manage to contribute largely to their community . there be many example of television actor and other famous personality who have make their mark by carry out their responsibility to the full . such people be consider as role model by the common public and they inspire the youth of today to continue with their good work . thus , it be true that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . however , it be necessary that they should be remind of their duty as responsible and mature people who hold the key to the future of our nation . 	HIN
advertisement almost show the good thing that their product be realy good or great in . and even advertisment hide the lack of quality of ther product and try to show that their product be good than the other product to earn more money from customer . as a result for that product seem much good in the advertisment . for me advertisment make product look more good than it be . by use famous people such as player , singer and artist and that do n't make the product good or usefull . therefore my opinon to see if the product be good or not be to ask people who use it . if a famoues player wear a certain shoe or singer eat in a restrunt for advertise they do n't do that because its good or great because they earn money from it . you ca n't make a decison untill you try it or ask about it . but if the advertisment show some fact aout the product or record some of observatio 	ARA
I agree with statement because I perceive more people engage through individual effort or formal non-government organization in help community that be in much poor condition than their own community . one might think that competition to succeed in today ' S world would keep young people very busy and therefore overlook the need to help . however , young people be help , but not necesarily in their neighborhood . as community achieve a good living standard , less be require to do if you be part of these community , and effort to help be redirect to people in real need , either because of natural disaster or structural poverty . there be grow number of non-government organization ( NGOs ) that raise fund to help poor people in less-developing country . entity such as the Red Cross , Oxfam , among other , be present with project in those region to help provide access to water , health , education and food . most of the volunteer work for these NGOs be young people that prefer to give a hand wherever be most require . the reason for have this outside-focus help be the improvement of communication and information system . today people be aware of what be happen worldwidenad where the need be more require . Everybody be aware of the need to help other , regardless of the economic-oriented situation of company . One example of this be that company be more concerned about how other perceive their role in the society . social corporate responsability have become a very important element in the decision of company that want to have a good reputation . they increase it by donate fund to NGOs so they can send people to help out there , not necesariuly in thei 	SPA
in my opinion , I do not agree the statement , for I believe there be three major point that can help to increase the number of car : new resource , grow population , and new technolgies . these element will continue to push up demamds for car . first , we be now developong new energy resource substitute fossil fuel ; for example , solar energy and hydrogen energy . these energy have two fascinating point ; they be safe to environment without produce any chemical substance cause pollution problem . and , they be obtaind almost infinitely . by refine these new technoligies can be apply in twenty year and we can use car without harm our planet . that can be a strong element for the favor of car . second , the convenient system in car be enhance its ability . for example , today we can reach destination without lose our way thank to the navigation system support by satelite communication . moreover , the safety of the car be improve ; the physical strength of the car body be become incredibly strong these day save many driver life . these new support system or technology provide more confort to the car user , which mean the consumption for the car will keep strong in future . third , the rapid growth of population in the world be go on for at least twenty year . this mean there will be grow demand for the car continously . although we be also tryng to create new type of train such as renior motor car that be move by magnetic power , I think people tend to buy car that can provide safe energy and fabulous convenience . actually , I experience the subway newly construct be not so use by citizen in New Delhi , India . as state above , there be three aspect support the stromg demand for car : the development and application of new resource , new technology and system give drive more relaxing atmosphere , and the exposion of number of people who need car in the world . in twenty year , it be quite sure . 	JPN
Everybody could tell you this : young people enjoy life whereas old people do n't . To me , it ca n't be absolute , for several reason . first , we know that young people know how to have fun . they always go out with friend , they always laugh ( most of time for nothing ) ... Older people do n't know it . they use to know but now they be adult and adult have a lot of responsibility , adult always think about their work , adult always worry about everything , , , and when they be old , they worry about death and always talk about when they be young , when they know how to enjoy life ! we also could say that young people enjoy life because they do n't think about the future , they seize the day . . that ' s true but old people , if they like to plan everything can seize the day too . do n't we say that the good time of your life be when you do n't work anymore ? What about these grandfather and these grandmother who travel a lot and begin to live the life they want ? that ' S why I think middle age people be the one who enjoy life the least . they have too much thing not to forget , too much thing to do , too much thing to care about . . young peole enjoy life because they have nothing to think about ! they go to school , go out with their friend , have complicate relationship with their boyfriend and girlfriend and that ' S all . . OK , they have to do some homework , but that ' S not a horrible life . they enjoy life because their life be perfect ! To finish , I would say that although they have a perfect life most of young people do n't really enjoy life . adolescent be always in a bad mood , they complain everytime , they always disagree with you , but what they do the good be ` ` to not care ' ' . but old people , even if they have a quite more difficult life , know the value of life . 	FRE
I disagree the statement say about how advertisement be . there be several reason . firstly , an excesive advertisement confuse the consumer . usually , the consumer buy the good base on the information that the company advertise . when the good be not what they tought about , they must be confuse . for me , I want to lose my weight , so I buy the execesise machine . the advertisement say I could lose my weight without suffering , and thet be very attractive for me . I immediately decide to buy the machine . once use of that , I find that it be very difficult to use and demand . I give up the use the machine . secondly , I think that the company by which the excesive advertisement prevail lose their repetition . as I suffer that probrem mention above , I do not have any confident toward the company . the company have still sell the same machine and the progress method of the lose the weight , I perfectly doubt for the advertisement , if they be acutually good for me . thirdly , that be not good at my country ' S society . although excesive advertisement be need for gain more money , it do not permit by the nation . that be tell a lie to the customer . once permit that advertisement , it would be wide spread all over my country . that situation be not good at my country ' S society . for example , food be to be sell with the deadline of comsumption , because that food be safe to eat . but rcently , date deadline of comsumption date be intentionally change by the company . this be very discoraged toward my country ' S nation . so that reason , I disagree with the statement . 	JPN
in my opinion , there could be great success for people who have inclination to do different from other . although some might say the such people tend to have failure because of the high risk , I think that most of them have success in term of their personal acheivement . I prefere the idea that people should try to do good within their ability and resource . and , even if they fail , I think they have have their own success . this success mean that break the own limitation could be happiness for people . for example , there be a man , who quit a big company and start a small coffee shop . even though he be so enthusiastic to make the shop profitable , he eventually go bankrupt . I see , however , in some magazine which cover his faliure story , the man say he feel so happy because I could know my limitation . I think that know own limit could be success since it could be helpful for people to have good life in their future . and , it could be too much easy to do what other can do easily . in this circumstance , even though people can have some profit , I can not say it be success . for instance , after Henry Ford introduce a commercialize car for ordinary people , many car maker try to follow to jump in the car industry . Neverthless , they be just follower . they do just what Ford do . while some car maker still make great profit , in my opinion , they be not truly succeful . they imitate what the great man do . of course , the follower can have great success . they can reduce cost and attract consumer a lot . they might be some kind of successful people . I think , however , the truely succesful people be the people who do new thing and take high risk . 	JPN
youngster and community aid I believe the implication of young people in help their community will vary from one country to another . focus in my home country , Spain , I must say that I do agree in general term with the statement propose . the decline in social concern that western country like Sapain be experience be due , in my opinion , to two main factor : the improvement in the quality of life of middle class family and the reduction in the size of family . Spain have change a lot in the past thirty five year . while some decade ago we still have a considerable proportion of our population living in condition of poverty , that be not the case anymore . middle class have boost in Spain and nowadays it be one of the country with the most disperse distribution of wealth . in this new situation there be less class difference and therefore the need of help the community be not so evident to young people . another important social change in Spain have be the dramatic sreduction of average family size . thirty year ago there be very seldom one-child family in Spain . today , this be the most common situation of family . one-child family usually tend to over-protect the lonely child , and these child become less concern about social aspect of life . therefore they do not spot the need to help the community afterwards when they grow up and become youngster . these two reason just express my opinion and must be take in general term . I be sure there be a lot of other reason why young people do not give time to help the community , but I consider these two as the most important one . it be also important to take into account that there be exception , I know young people that devote a lot of time to help their cummunities and even some that work full time in field relate with community aid , but I just feel this be not the general behavior of this generation . 	SPA
compare to previous generation , many of today ' s young people have forget the importance of their community . instead , they be now focus on their own leisure time , such as play video game and watch television . it be a fact that many young people do not give enough time to help their communitires . since today ' s development of technology , many thing seem fascinating to people . especially to the young people , who be curious about the society . there be too many thing that young people want to experience and try , and it also include many negative thing , such as smoking and drinkging . unlike today ' S people , our previous generation learn to treasure their community because they feel responsible to their own environment ; it be something they be tell when they be young . unfortunately , today ' S value be different from before ; people concentrate on physical enjoyment . but , while they be experience the sensation of enjoyment , they be also ignore their obligation to their community and society . in school , we all have learn to be responsible to our surroundings ; however , many of us have forget the real concept of this responsibility . further , there be many example of help community . for an example , maintaing the cleaness and order of community be everyone ' s obligation because everyone be a part of the community . but , the many young people do not realize the importance of this obligation . when the elder ask them for some working , they be usually respond with bad or unpleased attitude ; they think it be a waste of time to help the community . by look closely , I see many negative thing that will happen as those young people become adult . our society will be decadent if the government be rule by lazy people ; more scarily , it be not only a joke but a truth of today ' s young man . however , our society have already realize the importance of correct the young people ' S attitude . they first begin the work at school by require community service for each student before they graduate from school . this be an important step to start with , because school be the place where everyone go to . besides the effect of community service , many school now also spread the idea of protect our environment . personally , I see these two thing be start to work in many young mind . finally , before we act anything , we should first notice that Earth be our home ; we be all the owner of this planet ; therefore , while we be enjoy our physical happiness , we should also do something for our community . the community be not only our home but also belong to our offspring . even a bit of work we contribute to the community can make a change in society . lastly , we should provide a clean and healthy environment for our child . 	CHI
the development of the car be an uncertain issue . actually , people use to live without car but since it have be create , there have be more and more car all around the world . yet , I trully believe that there will be few car in use in twenty year . first of all , consider all the new technology and the constant evolution of the world , I ' m convince that the car will finally disappear . actually , people change their mind very fastly nowadays and they will soon be bore by the car , they ' ll need something new . for instance , I hope we ' ll soon be able to move just by think about the place we want to go , it will be easy and will save energy and time . besides , even if the teleportation be n't create , it ' S obvious that the car will disappear as fastly as it come . thus , a new mean of transport will be create , more powerful and more useful . furthermore , all the country be get engage for the reduction of toxic gas on earth and Kyoto agreement be the perfect example of the world we all want to fight for . even if some country do n't really apply the rule at the moment , I ' m sure they will finally realize what the emergency be and they wo n't have any other choice than make effort . moreover , people be more and more aware that we be act for the future and for the next generation . therefore , if we want the future human to be able to live on earth in the future , we have to stop use the car and then stop pollute . in a nutshell , even if I ' m not sure that there will be more and more pedestrian , I ' m trully convince that car do n't belong to future but to past and that we ' ll find solution to be able to move as we wish without pollute too much . 	FRE
I agree that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . when advertising , company tend to make their product sound like that they be the good by provide false information and false result . an ad on the TV may tell you thing that you usually want in a product . these information may misslead you to build an idea about the product that usually tern out to be wrong . for example , when you watch television , you see a commercial about a certain type of cleaner . on the commercial , they say that this cleaner can make old thing look new . you immediately think that this cleaner will help you make your old dress make by your mother look like a new Valinteno . but instead , it shrink your dress . other commercial , show what happen when other people - actor - use this product . for example , a company that sell a drug for weight loss will show image of people who use to be fat , but now they be in a good shape . Later , it turn that these image be either take for different people , or be manipulate with by computer . when conpanies try to make their product seem much good than they really be , they fool people into buy their product . people will see later that this product be not like what they expect . this will eventually lead the company to lose its creditability and honesty , which will lead to financial nose dive in the future . 	ARA
it be often say that group tour be more beneficial than travel alone . some people might agree with this statement because group tour be not lonely and a tour gruide will guide good travel attraction . however I firmly believe that travel alone be the good way to travel . it be far more comfortable . also I can do what I really want to do without any regulation . To begin with , a single tour make me feel very comfortable . usually group tour be little bit noisy and confusing . but individual travel will be possible to a calm , peaceful and cozy tour . for example , when I be go to Japan , I go there with group . our tour group member be @card@ . so every we move other location , I have to wait until all member be ready to move . wait too much be make me anger . after come back to my country I think if I have go to japan alone , it will be a much great memorable travel for me . also , individual travel give a great opportunity to encourage independence and endurance . when people travel alone , there be no regulation so people can do what they really want to do . they should plan by oneself and should decide what they eat and where they house . by decide these thing they will be learn many thing which could n't learn on the book . for instance when I be senior , I plan to go to america for 4weeks . I do reserve airplane , restaurant and hotel . at that time . it be very hard time for me . but now , I think through these tour , I can be learn independence , improve my language skill , and broaden my social relationship . 	KOR
I completly agree with satement about the most advertisement , there be no of thing to be consiredered in this aspect . firstly to say about the advertising of cellular service like hutch and airtel communication system they advertise they be the good in the market in term of cost , efficiency and service . once we get into the their service they start leveing all the hidden cost which do n't appear at the time of advertising . this be really sort of cheat the people . secondly there be no of product in the market , their advertisment show the good appearence , which make us feel like the real one , when we start use them they dont meet the expect level , eventhough the cost be high , for example soap , shampoo , and variety of cosmetic avalable in the market , here appearence of the object and the way they be present make us easil attract and buy them . thirdly the most of the advertisement use the clebrities for advertisement which make a lot of impact on the product , people just buy them only because thier favoutite star have advertise for it . in India most of drink like coke , Pepsi be advertise by the famous local film star , and people start use them , eventhough they be prove to contain harmful residue of pesticide , after a concern of the medium they reduce their usage . in some context they make us feel they be modified product , eventhough in reality they be not do so , the world have completly pace itself to the world of advertisement , a product any comidity can be make success only by advertising , to sum up , it be one of the big magic or thing to the manufacturer to sell thier product or commidites in the market , at the expense of people faith , in their product . 	TEL
although some people like to learn thing that they want to use in their real life , i like to spend more time on the theory and i want other do the same thing as well . there be several reason : to advance our world , to contribute for a good fututre and to satisfy our need . many people think that human being improve their life a lot and they be the ruler of the planet , earth , i disagree . for example , a century ago , we even do not have electricity . What scholar do be to develop theory and to care about science . for instance , if we do not have Einstein or Edison or other scholar , there would not have be electricity or new discovery . we may have be countinued our life with primary machine and in dark house . moreover , we have tremendous problem in our world . even though we have computer , rocket and fly car , the end of the world may too close . for example , the global warming contain a big threat and we need to save our world . How can we solve this problem ? most likely by think more about science ( theory ) , we probabely will solve the problem . in fact , we need more scientist to pay attention to this area and we need to encourage new generation to take science course and think more about theory . we do not have plenty of food and resource and we need to improve them more . without spending energy on the theory behind the genetically modify food , it would be imposible to grow healthy and numerous food . for example , I use to pay two dollar for a pound of apple contain a lot of disease , now i pay less for good apple . sum up , without spend more time on the theory , we could not improve our life standarts and i appriciate to the all scientist devoided their time on them . 	TUR
I mainly agree with the statement that people enjoy life more when they be young than when they get old . but some detail need to be analyse to proove this idea . the first point be relate to brithday anniversary . it be common that child and teenager be often very happy when they get one year old . this be often relate to present , party , and lot of friend wish a happy birthday . but old people , be very often sad and ashamed of get old , and they anniversary remind them of those feeling . the way people enjoy life depend on their age . it be different if we consider child , or teenager , or adult . child seem to be happy very often . they can enjoy any little trick during hour and keep smile and laugh without any relevant reason . child do not have to worry about important thing , indeed , they even do not know about them thank to their parent that try to keep them apart of any trouble . the way of enjoy life change as the child become teenager . the main reason of teenager enjoy life be freedom . even this often go along with little fight with their parent , teenager have the will to create their freedom by prooving that they can be independant . as they feel free , teenager have new hobby , sometimes forbid , but they enjoy the risk they take . in opposition with the happyness of child and teenager , adult can not enjoy life as easily . be an adult mean have reponsabilities . adult have to work to earn money and have lot of bond which keep them out or entertain and enjoy life . moreover , when adult have child , they manage to offer their child the happy life they can . so they do not hesitate to sacrifice their own happyness to the benefit of their family . but even if that be difficult , parent enjoy every little moment of happyness they can share with their child . 	FRE
I agree with it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learm fact . bucause today at every school , every student only learn fact . even they do not understand what teacher talk about . I think it be not good for young student . if teacher read and teach what be on the book , they would think about same thing . in addition , it would make child ' s free imagination down . get down student high score be one of the big problem in the world . especially in japan , I hear on the television that there be no student who read a book often , do not like learn new thing and they do not know why be so imprtant to do study . I think all teacher must teach childrens to get interested in to know new idea , not only the fact . child should think about their own idea . it will make them more intelligent and interested person . other big problem be most of Japanese can not speak English . and I see the graph on the news , they say japan be worst . in the high school , student will learn English form teacher who be not native speaker . they study such as grammer and how to talk . I think it be not very useful for student . they have to learn listening , writing and need chance to talk to people who speak English . it will also make student to intersted and easy to undersatnd in class . I do not think only learn fact be bad but I guess if student learn that , they would lose their indivisual idea and sense of imagination . that ' S why I think , to understand idea and concept be more important to learn real fact . 	JPN
in today ' s global environment , some people prefer to do routine task to be successful , other prefer to create new thing to be successful . personally , I believe that successful people try new thing and take some risk instead of do routine thing . firstly , people who try new thing and take risk be generally succesful make profit in business environment . in these day , the most of the corporation prefer innovative employee . innovation mean create new idea such as new product and new service . the new product which be do by corporation especially , employee be successful . as a result , these company can have high profit . generate new idea and thing can provide success for an employee . for example , I have an internship experience in my country two year ago in summer . I observe that manager who be in high level position always talk about innovation . also , they suggest that I should be open to new idea . the second important point be the demand in the world . in today ' S world , in soceity people have high demand with regard to the product and the service . when a buyer buy a new product , one can be bore with this new product in two or three month . To provide new product , the market need people who can take risk to create new thing can be successful . for example , Bill Gates who be the owner of the Microsoft Company be the good example of this situation . when Bill Gates first develop the Windows , he go to IBM to sell his product . however , IBM reject his offer and he set up his own country . as a result , he have become the owner of the high valuable company , and his product be use in most part of the world . he be successful , because he take some risk and create new thing which be benefical to the soceity . the other important point be life satisfaction . people be bear , because they want to survive and create new thing . every people have skill to create new thing . so , they use their skill . To sum up , the successful people always generate new idea and take risk for their trial . in most case they be successful and happy . routine task be bore thing and people who do routine task have not enough life satisfaction . 	TUR
advertisement be usually a particular kind of product develop form many people work together , each one with a different role and each one with different skill . those people be paied from company and they have a great interest in improve company ' profit just because if they don-t they risk to loose their job . I think this be enough for show how advertisement present product in good way then the one tey really be . first when a company decide to spend money in advertisement it ' S usually wait a reward from that . an advertisement campaign be costly . for this reason they expect more people will buy the product in order to achieve an high profict . this be why people who produce advertise have to attract more buyer that their competitor and so will try to present their product as the good product people can desire to buy . they must convince people if they buy that they be do the right chooise . second people who be pay to produce advertisement have a lot of different skill , they usually know a lot about marketing and they know who they be go to refear to sell the product . for example some day ago I be in the library and I be really surprise when some boy and girl near me begin to talk about a marketing research project they be develop . they do n't care at all about the quality of the product , they care just about how to sell it . they try to find the good way of convincing people and do n't care at all about beeing honest in the way they have to do that . moreover I can surely add some personal experience . for example , I ' ve get an eleven year hold sister always ask my mom for many product she see in advertisement . sometimes my mother buy her the product she want and even if she spend a lot of money do that often they be not hight quality product . I notice this can happend easily for product they sell to kid or teen-ager just because this public usually care less about quality and more of how the product itself appear . in conclusion my opinion be that advertisement be often a way of earn more proficts for company or a way of create a brand name . the market itself be cometitive . How can they reveal the weakness of their product ? 	ITA
travel be when a person or group of people move form one place to another either to vist a place or for a particular reason . as travel have prove to be fundamental for many country economy . many country in the world benefit form the tourist who come to vist their country as it lead to increase in the entertainment sector , hotel sector , employment sector , the forign currency which they receive and the infrastructure of that country gradually improve . yes I do agree with the follow statement that the good way to trravel be in a group lead by a tour guide . first a fall , the tour guide would probably know about the place where the group be travel . he would have take the essential measure which be require to be take for that particular place . such as a group be travel to a hostile area where the road not properly construced , the climate be too cold and there be possible chance to be injure . hence the tour guide would have take the medical aid equipmet , he would take care of where to sleep , and he would have make a list of place which be worth visting . people who travel in a group which be lead by a tour guide be relax as the guide would have give the list of the equipment which be require , the place to see would already be know and the number of day they be go to vist would be know . where as if an individual travel would take precaution there be to be take he would carry extra thing which he would not require . he would have no idea what be the place to be see also what time they be open . he would be worry about various thing unlike the people who travel in a group . also people who trave in a group be not tense about the initial problem which an traveler face such as food , where to stay , and who much would the trip cost him in the end as all the group member would have to pay a fix price . these be the reason to travel in a group 	HIN
I disagree . I have three opinion to support this reason . First be the way to travel with a group lead by a tour guide be not free to active . they make me unhappy to put me just one couse where we have to go and even scasuling when we should go there . in everywhere , maybe we could find impresst on the specific place , but i can not stay more the place such a hard scasule or with the group . second be it seem inexpensive on the surfece , but they let me spend Mony little by little , as adittional praice . if i traveld alone , prohaps i can more economicaly to staty the city in oder to make fraiends . Threrdly , we can not to make many local friend in the trip , if i lead a such group . if travel up to alone , i can more closs to the local tradison . therefore , i disagree the way that lead by a tour guide . 	JPN
have you ever try to figure out the hard and complicate math question ? some people suggest that it be important for student to learn the fact . on the other hand , i think that understand the concept be much more important than just learn the fact . I suggest my opinion with two reason , people will remember longer when they understand the idea and they will also figure out all the question even though it ' S hard and complicate . first of all , people tend to remember longer when they understand the concept or the idea . however , when they just learn and memorize the fact . they will forget about it quickly . for instance , in biology , I learn about the ` Feedback system ' in human ' S body and I be able to understand how this system work because my mother know about the biology very well . however , my friend , who do n't get halep from anyone , just memorize and learn the whole process of the ` Feedback system ' and a week ago , we have a pop quiz in the biology class . I be manage to figure out all the question about the ` Feedback system ' but my friend could n't solve non of the question . in this case , i be able to answer all these question because I understand how the ` Feedback system ' work then my friend could n't answer them because he forget what he memorize and learn before . secondly , student can figure out any hard question if they fully understand the fact or the idea . this happen a lot in math class . math teacher do n't just ask student easy and simple question , they make the question complicated and hard for student to solve it . student who understand the idea would be able to solve these question . however , student who just memorize or learn the fact will be confuse or hesitate to figure out the question because they have the basic knownledge about the concept and idea . since , student do n't forget or mis-use the knownledge when they understand the consepts and student , who understand the idea and the concept , will manage to figure out all the hard and high-leveled question . above all , I state understand the fact and the idea be much important than just learn the fact . 	KOR
I do agree with the statement that advertisement make product seem good than they be . this should come to no surprise as an advertisement by definition respond to an aim . the aim be not to give an information to the consumer ( for which there be the press ) , but rather , to make the particular pruduct more appealing . an advertisement be suppose to increase the sale of a particular product , which be sell for a profit of course . so the manipulation of the human individual be the purpose of the advertisement . advertisement be sponsor and finance by the producer , who essentially dictate what they should say . this fact be know to everybody , so it be even fair to do some overtstating within limit . of course there be consumer protection law in all western country . these law discourage an advertiser from make outright false claim . so , realistically , outright lie be probably uncommon in advertisement . however within this limitation , it be rather easy to make non verifiable statement or suggestion , which be neither true nor a lie . Anti-aging , cosmetic product be typical example . of course , nobody suggest that you can stop age . but , most advertisement for such product do implictly suggest it as an undelying , implicit , message , without explictly say it , by the layout and set of the advertisement etc . cosmetic product ' advertisement always show fresh , young character who have no issue with age . . . also , advertiser usually try to convey a dream , a feeling , and not a rationaly verifiable message . for instance advertisement for expensive car , watch and generally luxury good always advertise the quality and substance of the product , which be greatly overstate , but in the end , the customer buy it for intangible reason , such as prestige and exclusivity associate with own a luxury product . it be unrealistic that a expensive Swiss manual watch be more reliable , precise , than a cheap Chinese copy . . . but that be not the point . 	FRE
I strongly believe the statement of , it be important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . understand the idea be more important for every student in the class room . the understanding the idea and concept give the overall picture of that particular lecture . for example in my college day i have more concentrate on my lesson , at that time i know the central idea of the topic . this type of skill will improve the ability of study and ability of remember . this skill be also reduce the study time . the student can learn more in formaton quickly . learn fact be good but every time we dont want to study . we dont want to sparemuch time on learn fact . at that time these skill be very helpful . it be very time consuming process . understand ide and concept will helpful any time . for example i want to go to exam , first i will go to through the topic then understand the main idea of that topic and concept of that one . I regularly follow this rule of study . so in this way i get more information with in time , i save my time also . in this way os study igot good mark in my exam . for example we will go one reading passage first of all we skim the passage then get the main idea of the passage . this time the reading be easy otherwise it will tough . in this way of get idea studens get lot of exposure , the think ability will also increase . in this way learn fact be difficult to rembering with idea of the topic . so i strongly believe this statement , it will helpful alot in education and futere aspect . 	TEL
it be not arguable that if one want to be successful , one must seek for new thing so that one can be differ from usual and common people . when one just open business , one can be hardly successful if the one only try to use system that be already exist in the world . it might be safe to operate business with common system and to produce famous product for profit and money ; however , that business will not grow beyond the any other company or business . To be successful , it be important to try new stuff even though it seem risky . this contention be lucidly manifasted in history of Mc . Donald and book ` Le Papillon ' . the owner of Mc . Donald , Mr. Kropper , once start business with just restaurant as usually as any other common restaurant . however , the owner think that it do not bring him lot of profit . he want to use new system of sell his food to people . Mc . Donald come up with the an idea about fast food . it begin to produce hamburger rapidly to follow the trend of time period of his day . people be start to open up the new business , they do not have much time to spend in the restaurant with eat . Mc . Donald make food faster so that busy business people could pick up the order food , pay and leave to their place . it be once very successful . Kropper still do not satisfy with this policy . as the usage of car increase , he once more think of fast way to pick and and move , ` Drive-Thru . ' people like it and nowadays , Mc . Donald be one of the famous restaurant that be worldly know . it be pretty risky policy to develop during that time . other member of the company reject this idea because people might not come to his restaurant with great pleasure . however , Kropper have insight to see further future and to try new thing . he be one of the successful people who try new thing with risk . in the book ` Le Papillon ' , write by Bernard Werber , it loculently clarify that try new thing get you new world . protagonist of this book be sick of their world because of the corrupt medias and selfishnes of people . there be several protagonist , but one of the protagonist who be scientist first come up with the idea of escape earth project . not many people in the world would not fund him project , who illustrate people that do not like risk . however , another protagonist , rich businessman step up and give the fund for project . any other businessman or scientist think that plan be too risky and impossible to become real life . the project require budget be spike high that it be very risky for businessman to fund all the money for project . however , the project be very successfully do as a result . when the protagonist get to leave the earth with the spaceship , people those who oppose his idea and risk do not get to leave the earth . it be great success for those who try new thing and take risk for their future . the game that I currently play even show that it be good to have risky quest for great reward . important fact be that try the risky way for more experience and great success rather than just keep thing that already know how to do well just as appeal clearly in the history of Mc . Donalds and in the book ` ` Le Papillon . ' ' 	KOR
I completely agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . there be maily three reason for my opinion . first , the advertisement agency over-publicizes a product . this be particularly do in the case of a launch of a new product in a market . since , no one have ever consume the product , the company have an added advantage of refer to their product as good in the market , without the need of any fact to proove it . it be , after the product launch , that consumer read review about the new product and realize its exact worth . another reason be that , most advertisement include creative idea , which entice various fantasy in consumer . the consumer start to believe that they might come true if they start consume that product . sheer curousity of consumer for that product , force him to buy and consume it . it be shortly after that that the consumer realize that he be not in any super natural state , which he think to be in while consume that product . this result in lose of trust of consumer in the brand . third , nowdays there be an increase participation of renouned personality in advertisement for various product . for example , a new range of nike sport shoe be be endorse by a lead soccer player or a complete range of clothes be support by a famous celebrity . as these famous personality have a very large fan base over the world , it lead to incorporation of blind trust in these brand by their follower . who want to be like their on screen idol in their life . people do not even search for review on these product or at least consider the use of these product in their life . advertisement should display appropriate content in them , so that consumer be not mis-guided by their curousity . product should consider this so that it may not result in loose their brand name . 	HIN
about this topic , different people have different point of view . however I think that be true that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . first of all , we should know what be advertisement , that be a way to sell the product the company make , so that mean the advertisement have to make the product attractive to people , that be a main reason lead people decide to buy it or not . for example , if you want to sell cookie , you may want to more and more people to buy it so you have to catch people ' S eye . you may need to use some technology to improve your cookie ' S feature . like the color should be more bright or make a suggestion that how to eat this cookie by the good way . thereby , that be impossible just to use the original feature of your cookie to make its advertisement . so you have to make your cookie seem much good than it really be . also , there have a interesting thing that advertisement may trick the kid to interested about the product , like transformer advertisement . in that advertisement , you will see that transformer can flys . we all know that be impossible because the transformer even not exsists . so when you buy a transformer to your child , they may dissappoints about this toy , because this be different from what they see from the transformer ' S advertisement . that be another reason advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . beside that , competition be anotrher reason that advertisement m - ake product seem much good than they really be , because this be a competition society , all the businessman be compare with other , so advertisement be another way to improve their business , so that sometimes , they may focus on the affection of advertisement instead the quality of the product . when you watch the advertisement , you may have desire to buy it , that only prove that the advertisement of product affect you but not the real product , becuase before you want to buy it , you may even never use or taste the product before . from what have be discuss above , we could safety draw the conclusion that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	CHI
I agree with the statement ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do it ' ' . the reason i agree be beacause i think you can not make succes if they do what they already know haw to do . if you know how to do it , then other people would know as well . you try new thing and that give us the impact , maybe this be the way to be successful . however i do not think you can succeed by randumly make new idea . you do need to search on them , you need reason and proof to come up with the idea . also you may need some help from other peolpe who have be through and experience it . for example president of clothes shop call UNIQLO . i think it be one of the most famous clothes shop in japan now day . he make so many new project , and he actually try . but failled so many time too . he present to us mass produce . first of all , they start to make simple design clothes and sell them with very cheep price . before UNiQLO do this way of sell clothes , every one would of thought it be not very good idea of produce so many same design , cheep , simple clothes . because they thoght that costumer want to buy something more individual and good quality . however UNIQLO succeed by sell product this way . but i have also see them failling quite badly , that be when they start to sell vegetable and frite at the shop . it be an very big impact on us too like the last time . what kind of clothes shop sell vegetable at the shop ? but it do not make a seccessful ending . they stop sell it after few month . it make such a loss for the company . but the president of UNIQLO still do not stop produce new idea and project . that be why the company be still grow and make a lot of money . i have come to the conclusion that i think even other people think you will not success with it and stop you , they can be wrong sometimes . you might fail a lot of time before you actually become a successful person . but that be the way to success so you should not be afraid , you need to take risk and try . 	JPN
I strongly disagree that young people enjoy life more than old people do . there be several reason what I have . young people be a process to old . we should save money for our old life . there be a lot of young people who study in college or university or career institute . they be try to improve themselves ' ability because they want to get high career and pay . young people be healthy than old people and more flexible to get new information . so they can get more chance to get a job and earn money . imagine that if you should work and earn money although you be so old . it be very hard to old people . I know two people that would be good example for this topic . One man be work very hard and save money during he be young . so several year later , he marry and he buy a beautigul house and he could spend enough money to educate his child . however another man do n't save money and do n't work hard . he enjoy his youth . he drink beer with his friend and buy expensive clothes and buy a expensive gift to give to his girlfriend . so several year later , although he marry , he still have live rent house . of course , we can enjoy our life during we be young . I ' m not talk about that enjoy life during youth be bad . a lot of new experience , and travel be important to young people . however , we need to more improve ourselves during we be young . there be some cartoon about two kind of insect . ant work very hard for summer , so he could enjoy his life and rest for cold winter . in constrast , another insect just enjoy and sing a song in the tree for summer . Conwequently , he could n't eat anything during cold winter . think about it . be n't it easier that young people try to study and earn money ? young people be healthy and more enthusiastic than old people . when we get old , we should take a rest and enjoy our left life . To enjoy our old life , we should save money . 	KOR
I think that if thing be still in twenty year like theyre go today , its very likely to be much more car in use then , than they ' re now , so i dont agree whith the give statement . although petroleum be likely to run up before those twenty year pass , i think there might be some other product or substance to be burn to take the necesary energy that drive a car . its not an illusion and even today there be appear the first car that use other substance , such as propane or any other gas , on the market . I think that when twenty year have pass by , this technology will be enough develop to let car move with no petroleum needings . this doesnt mean that they wont harm our environment , which might be really harm by then , but i dont really think noones go to change anything to prevent or solve the environmental problem , as long as noone have untill today . people could maybe stop use their own car when the earth get so much heatened that live in it get impossible , or at least very annoy , but i dont think that be go to happen between the next twenty year , and the car ' S commerce be so powerfull that nobody be go to take care of prevent the use of car before heat get to be unstandable . as i think this wont happen , and car have show to be a very likely product to be sell , i mean , car be very well position and adapt to city and citizen lifestyle all over the world , its very probable that car get on their sell as they ' ve be untill now , so the new car should be add to the old to finally detect a big increase in the total number of them . not only this , but if look at the rest of the world , and not only develop country , we will find that some big country be be develop nowadays , like China or India , and they be potential car consumer in a very close future , which , of course , include the next twenty year 	SPA
nowadays , travel agency be provide tourist with various kind of travel program with a tour guide which be design by agency beforehand . these pragrams be quite conveninet because we do not have make effort to make schedule on our own and we be lead by a tour guide with a reserved tour bus . however , I do not agree with the statement that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide for the follow reason . To begin with , we can not have great fun and excitement which be feel while we make plan for a trip for ourselves if we use a travel program with a guide . I realize the importance and fun of plan my trip by myself when I prepare for a trip to Europe in the last summer . I have the trip with two of my friend , so we meet frequently to decide which place we be go to visit , what we will eat , what to buy as a souvenir , etc . I think that we have equally or even more interesting time or even more exciting time while we make our schedule and imagine our trip compare to actual travel . a group travel lead by a tour guide be already plan by travel agency , so we can not make our unique and special choice and plan . additionally , we will be probably restrict to the group ' S decision and behavior even if we have different idea . for example , we can have some chance to choose what to eat even though we travel in a group . however , in this case , we should follow a certain choice that many people select . it be a really sad thing that we can not eat exotic food that we really want while travel foreign country . furthermore , we can not take public transportation because of a reserved tour bus . I find it very interesting and impressive to take other country ' subway , train , bus and tram during my trip . I must have miss that precious experience if I have travel in a group lead by a tour guide . in conclusion , I be convince that travel in a group with a guide be not the good idea to travel . we can have really interesting and exciting moment while we make our original and free plan for our trip . we also can behave freely if we be not include in a group . we can eat whatever we want , go to wherever we want , and even decide to take risk or advantures when we travel by ourselves . besides , we can experience minor thing which be do by resident of a foreign country such as ride public transportation and walk along river and street . these be great advantage of travel by ourselves individually . 	KOR
as far as I be concern that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . while it be true that some fact have to learn like the fire be hot , most idea and concept be understand by student . for one , to understand idea and concept be able to be mine . in addtion , it easily know and learn . To begin with , to understand idea and concept learn by experience . indeed , any fact ca n't know only to learn . it be no secret that it be well do at once than look at something by tenth . it be also true that it be mine easily . this be especially true that person ' S memory do n't remain the brain long time , but some idea or concept just just 	KOR
I reckon this statement have to be regard in a more dimensional way . on the one hand , I agree that learn fact be significant but on the other hand , only understand idea and concept allow student to really move something . learn fact , a deductive method , be accord to my view an important basic to invent something , do research or work on new programme for the governement or society in general . To illustrate my thesis , I would like to explain how my father work . my father do research concern synapes , the junction between neuron . together with his student research group at the university in Munic , he reflect all the know fact about neuron . that be the basic for the research and experiment . after be aware of the way a signal be transfer from one cell to another , they start work on concept how the information transfer can be block . therefore , they employ poison like atropin which be responsible for reject specific neuron to pass a cell membran . with this illustration , I would like to emphasize the combination of know fact and discover concept . another example which convey my opinion very well be the political system . of course , a student can learn all the fact about the German democratic system , for example that it be establish after World War II with the help of the Americans , Britain , French and ( former ) Soviets etc etc but this be not necessary when he should think of new opportunity of citizen participation . fact be sometimes an important , essential basic or background but to be innovative and creative it must be guarantee to have understand the gist of an idea or concept . draw a conclusion , I would advice the student to learn fact and regard them as a measure of understand sophisticated idea and concept without any problem . 	GER
yes , i agree this statement , ` ` in twenty year there will be few car in use than the there be today ' ' . at present technology have be improve . at same time car model be increase . in twenty year past there only two or three model of car available . but present there be some model of car and with technology car be manufacture . there will keep the people in safe mode even if accident will appear . for example in olden day there facility to see television in the car , listen music in the car . it use only for travel purpose . but at present by read newspaper also we can drive car . that much have be improve the technology . if car have be accident there be no harm to the human being because all safety have be arrange in the car . the old car be pollute the climate so much by leave smoke . but the present car be use the gas instead of petro or disel . it will reduce pollution of climate . in past car this facility be not available . different car have different technology . at present population also increase at same timeusage of car also incerased . finally i conclude that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . at persent technology car have good selling in the maarket . 	TEL
I do agree with the statement . I think successful people be always seek new thing which normal people never have do generally . they be never afraid of failure . take the big risk bring the huge success . To be sucessful people , I think , 2 more thing be require in addition to try new thing and take risk . ` Ambition ' be vital for success . I would like to mention Ichiro Suzuki , the Japanese Major Leage Baseball player at Seattle Marinars in the United States . he be one of the most successful Japanese . as everyone know he have a incredible talent as a baseball player . he , however , have be have the ambition to be a good baseball player all over the world since he be a primary school . he hope to be a baseball player and train very hard . without ambision , Ichiro Suzuki might be good player only in Japanese . ` Effort ' be crucial as well . even though have fantastic dream , people can not get success without the hard training . for instance , I have a dream . I have be think to study abroad to expand may value and aquire the skill of Language since I be high school student . not only the dream ` ` I wanna study in the US ' ' but also the effort deserve for it . I have to do what to need . I have to study TOEFL very hard and hard . TOEFL be not easy . the ambition be go to help my motivation for study . but finally the effort bring a result of success . as be clear from the above , I be on the statement . but I think two mote thing be important to be success . people only do what they already know how to do well be not challenge . if you get a success , you try new thing , take risk , have ambition , and efort 	JPN
most advertisement today be aim to capture the audience to purchase their product and compete with the other product in the market and so they tend to project their product as an essential purchase for one ' S happiness and well being . I personally feel that they make their producta appear much good and useful than they actually be . some advertisement inflate the use of their product a little while some other make them appear to create outstanding result or even miracle in one ' S life . for example , take any of the aerate drink ' advertisement . they use prominent sportmen like David Becham or Michael Jordon to endorse their product to show the audience how their drink would enhance one ' s performance to become like their idol . Everyone know that have a drink would'nt make them a star or play like one but just their idol be there in the advertisement maybe persuade them to purchase it . this may work for any purchase not cost much and people may make the small purchase either way without the advertisement , just the matter of which brand to go for . another way by which they make make their product look much good be by persuade people to purchase the product because it will make them look attractive and will influence their personal life as well . take the case of all the beaty product which promise to make you look well and attractive by spend a small amount on them . these advertisement may actually get the audience ' attention because everyone want to look well by spend the minimal amount of money . these advertisement may particularly catch the attention of teenager who always be ready to spend on any product that make them look good in front of their peer . while some product may rope in big star to get their point across , some may cash in on the small desire of the audience and ultimately market their product in the well possible way . by and large in most advertisement , overexaggeration of the product be what we witness . the compete product be show in a light where we feel incomlete without use them . 	TEL
travel play a predominent role in the life of all the middle class family . there be two major issue involve while travel , one be by travalling along with other people initiate by a tour guide , in other word he be the person lead by a travel agency . another issue deal with the people take their own way to travel to a particular place . accord to my view i stongly beleive in go along with a tour guide because , he know about the culture and tradition prevail in that place , he also know about the history beyond each and every monument present in that place . as far as the place be concerned there may be dangerous place where their be prohibition for the tourist and without get initiate by a proper guide , we may fall in to problem by entrying in to that place . the main reason in go along with a tour guide be that we can know about the place in depth i.e what be the culture and tradition of the people live in yhat place , and we can really enjoy our journey . . we can know about the culture , ritual , symbol of religion an so on . so i think it be good to go along with tour guide . another reason i want to make be about the monument present in the place . when we be move along with our tour guide we could know about the monument . for example , when we want to visit . ' ' the statue of liberty at manhatan ' ' , we have to know the basic purpose or the history beyond statue of liberty . however , without a proper guide also we can the visit the place , but we can not know about the beauty of the place as we be miss the thesis of the place . in conclusion , the main reason for us go to a particular place be completely fulfill if , we be accompany by a tour guide . moreover , by go to these place we can improve our knowledge about the culture and tradition . as a result we can increase ` ` international cooperation amomg the people ' ' and this will lead to a world of peace and gratitude . 	TEL
so far as the question be concern , I be not quite at home with the statement that young people do not give enough time to help their community . although it may be argue that the young population be not interested with social and political affair as it be in 1960s . , I believe that young people have willingness to help the communties in which they live . it be a well-known fact that the young population be aware of the communal issue as they be part of a family which belong to the community . in other word , the more they live in family the more they give enough time for their community . for instance , in a village or in a minority group , the young population do not hesitate to participate in the charity program such as visit the hospital , help the old member of the community . they even become a member of NGOs in order to demand or to help for the communal interest . on the other hand , we may acknowledge that there be some current problem to keep the youth intact with their community as well as with their family . the process of globalisation suscitates a global village where individual gain universal attribute and goal rather than interesting with their community . therefore , it become difficult to keep the interest of the internet-based youth appropriate with that of the community . however , this situation can not abandon the young willigness to help their community . consequently , we may consider that young people prefer interesting in private and global objective rather than communal or social one . yet , we should not ignore that they be also active in especially help their community and they find time to help even if they feel themselves busy and overload by the educational or professionnal life . briefly , young people nowadays give time to help their community in spite of the difficulty in their globalised and internet-based life . 	TUR
young or old . . it ' S all about joy there be difference between the thinking of old and young people due to several reason , the most important of it be their life style and experience , and their method to enjoy themseves , as the definition of enjoy life and how to enjoy life can differ from young people to old people in a huge scale . as a young woman , i believe that youth enjoy life for the sake of enjoy it and not for the happiness that this joy can result . young people think that there be many year leave in life and we should enjoy it as much as possible before they have serious responsibility such as career and family . unfortunatly , some time enjoy life for young people mean irresponsiblity and careless in life , this be not true for all young people , but many of them interprete it this way . accord to what i mention before , i dont agree with the statment that say ` ` young people enjoy life more than old people ' ' , as i believe that old people do enjoy life , but in a different way than young generation would understand , this be due in many reason like the lack of communication between old and young generation , and their different difinitions of enjoy life . for example , i enjoy life by travel around the world and by meet new freiends and new contact , and i always request my mother to do so , but she as an old generation tell me that her big joy now be to raise her child well , and to watch them get successful and happy , while year ago she use to enjoy her self differently . therefore , i believe that old people enjoy life as much as young people , and sometimes even more , but the difference be about the thinking of old people , and their experience after grow wise and mature , which be great thing that the young generation can learn from , and therefore enjoy life more . 	ARA
in thenty year from now it do n't look possible , in my view , to have few car in use in our society . indeed the car market be very important in country ' economy . it have be important almost in the past century , but it seem like it ' s become even more important today . the resaon for this developement be that develop country , or new developped one be develop their industry . and it ' S well know that one of the major sector of the industry be the car industry . therefore more and more car be get build every day in the world , and they will be in use in our street sooner or latter . for example Asian country be become very powerfull in this area . we all know brand like Toyota , Honda . . . and if we pay attention to the car around us we ' ll nottice how usual it become to see people with those car . besides this developement do n't mean that the other developped country stop make car . they actualy try to catch up with those country and be make new car too . for example , we have wolkswagen ans BMW in Germany , Chevrolet , general motor in the United-States . . . and much more . they be all try to be more competitive so they be all deveoping new car and saling more car too . car industry be an important economic area for every country today , that ' S why I personaly think that a huge amount of car be come , and in twenty year it wo n't be solve at all . but , today we can also see the developement of environementals concern . more and more organisation be open in order to protect our planet : Greenpeace be the first one but definately not the last one create . and in my opinion it ' S also become a political strategy , so me may have a ` ` solution ' ' to this environement damage : a new kind of car that wo n't polute as much . for example car use electricity . To conclude I would say that economics strategy wo n't let the car industry disapear but they might find new technique in order to combine strong economy and protection of our environement . 	FRE
in the next twenty yearas there will few car than at present . I dont agree with this notionbecause the demand and the importance of the car be ever increase day by day . with the advancement in techonology and the statistic produce by the car manufacturer be anything to go by then in the next few year there will be a major incresase in the number of consumer for car . I think that there could be a increase in the number of car use depend on the policy issus . I say so becaus e with the ever increase development in technology there be reduction in price of the previous model and certain additional featurs be be add int he new car which would only be a dream a few year earlier . moreover the notion of a car be a necessity than a luxury thing be change as even member of not so affluent family or well to do family also own car . this change could be attribute due to various factor such as easy payment option give by the car manufacturer or the installment give by them . the other reason could also be that the willingness of the bank authority to give various loan for the purchase of car or for the cganges to be make in car . another reason could be that the company ' s exchange offer which say that you can exchange your old car for a new one for an additiona payment which keep on increase the sale of the car . Plus there be additional benefit of use a car which make it hard to resist object or abandon it . the benefit of the car be you can go with your family whereever you want and at whatever time plus useful in case of emergency . more than the benefit car be usually associate with social status . that there be ever an increase for the demand for a new car with certain add feature that its precedent be not have . then there be car which hold special status as be the royal car or have your own vintage collection . basically you can reach to different destination accord to your own schedule at your own speed . Now-a-days there be a whole lot of variety be offer wherein special additional feature be buiklt in it like conference room setting or bedroom setting . with such offer it have lot of benefit for the people who be really busy and cant afford to waste time . well with so many benefit its really hard to think that there will be a decline in the number of car in the near future . with the benefit there be also certain disadvantage like the gas emit from the exhaust of the car be pollute the environment and that the fuel use for the functioning of the car be deplete the natural resource . well for the fact that car be increase the air pollution with the development in technology various model be be develop which donot emit any dangerous gas in the atmosphereand for the second disadvantage that they be use the energy resourses new car be be develop and some have already be develop which use solar energy as fuel or run on electrical energy . thus with so many advantage i think the demand for the increase in caras will outnumber its decrease or there wont be any drastic change in the numbe rof car in the near future . thus i think that in the near future there will be an additional number of car than there be today . 	TEL
I agree that student should undestand the idea and concept than spend time in learn fact . I believe that the human civilization have come to the zenith of technology not because of learing the fact , but by understand the idea and concept . there have be advancement in many area . if the human spend all their time on fact , our life could have be end in undestanding the history of our early generation . and we could not have see the progress . there could have be no progress of science . so , apply the concept of the fact will move the world to the next level . I always like science which make me a scientist not because I know the fact , but the way I undestand idea and concept . I be take a mathamatics call I will use the concept and idea to get to generate a solution to the problem . if we use fact there will be time , they will not help get the solution . in our daily life , we live with idea and concept . a very besic example , if my parent want me to go buy vegetable form the vegetable market I will decide which way will be easy road . I will analze by ask myself use my concept and not go with the fact . our human mind can take only some fact and then we have to use the concept to work towards succuss . there be many fact in this world and it will not be in our human abiliites to know all the fact . so it be more important that to know how to apply the concept and idea . To deal with the problem . on a whole , I think that fact can only help to certain level but most importantly it be the idea and concept that will hlep us in deal with daily life , in our career and also in work . 	TEL
it be say that fortune favour the brave . on the same line , it can be say that success follow people who try new horizon , who extent their limit of vision and dare to take on new challenge in a world that be everchange . I think that successful people keep try new thing and do not get stick on any one thing . the world have see many industialists who try different business . though they succeed on some and fail in other , on a whole they emerge as winner . One bright example that I would like to mention be that of an Indian businessman - Tata . Tata put his first foot in the world of business with an automobile manufacturing unit . he collaborate with foreign company to provide good available technology to customer . the business start with truck but soon flourish to other class of vehicle . recently , Tata introduce cheap four wheeler on Indian road for common man . this journey be amazing . but this be not the only thing that Tata do . Tata start different business apart from automobile . tea , salt , information technology , Telecom - he seem to be ubiquitious . he be also successful in these business . now he be plan to take over world famous brand ` Jaguar ' . certainly , Tata take great risk when he start every new industry . but great return demand great risk . a man with vision can handle such risk and emerge out as a winner . these be all quality of a successful person . have Tata be interested only with manufacturing of truck , he never have have such a great impact on all other business area . he try out new thing and his effort pay off . his success surely belong to the way he conquer new opportunity of business . thus , it can surely be say that one who do same thing that he already know how to do well will have less chance to succeed than the one who try different thing and take calculated risk for great reward . 	HIN
for most people to travel be a important part of their life , but out there be people which be a little bit risky than other and they enjoy have adventure in their travel . have a tour gide be the most easy a safe way to travel . also travel with a guide mean to travel on group . with a tour gide you have a schedule to do , and the place where you will go be already plan , also the place to visit will be the most traditional and save place for tourist . while you be travel in gruop you can not risk neither to get lose in a place that you do not know , the fact of hang around with many people make the tour funny and give you the oportunity to meet new friend . in the other hand travel without a tour guide , for most people , be a way to enjoy a great time with their family . some people enjoy travel without a guide because they be not under any schedule neither with a big group . it mean that this people do not have any plan place to visit , they just go to the firt place they look . this kind of travel coudl be a little risky because you do not know the place where you be , but it do not matter for them , actually they enjoy it . travel be an important part of our life , and it do not matter which one you prefer o which one you enjoy most , but travel without a tour guide without any schedule neither place plan be a nice experience that everyone should do at least once . 	SPA
since World war 2 be end , Young generation have enjoy their life more than olders . they , Would-be Baby-boom generation , be good at various entertainment , and be expose splendid medium such as Holly wood movie or Broadway musical show . there be a few reason why young people be well at have a great time than old people . first , young people know well how to play whenever they want eagerly . they know well where be the good bar , what trend be go on , or who be the most famous actor in these day . of course old people have no time to have a fun in order to get enough money for their family like a daughter who be intersted in an expensive jewelry brand . however young people do n't need too much money because they have no one to be preserve . they just maintain thier live cost that contain money to go the good club in Soho . second , young people be healthy than old people because they have young and strong body that old people do n't have . old people have to pay for their medical care , medicine in order to maintain the body . in contrast , young people be not need to get any medical payment at all . finally , young people tend to be curious toward all of the strange thing what they have never see before . when old people avoid a stranger from another country , young people try to be close with positive activity . for example , in a small town , a tourist visit for his/her academical research such as modern agriculture from a strange country , young people or child will try to talk to him/her . these reason be why I think that young people be more enjoyable than old people . 	KOR
travel be very interesting for me , but there be a controversy how to travel ; go alone or in a group . I disagree with this theme and I raise four reason for this . first of all , I ' d like to go wherever I can go . it be very useful to go with a tour guide , specially to the place that I ' ve never be to , because I have little knowledge of dangerous place to visit . but in guide tour , there be something that I do n't want to go to . also , plan for the place that I want to go be also precious time . ITime to traval be limit , and from plan to travel , it be a start point ! secondly , travel be expand our eye . I travel Brazil a lot and I be capable of know foreign people . To know what they do , think and like be an very interesting chance . I like foreigner , include Brazilian , and also want to communicate with foreign people . Traveing be know and expand friend , but this will happen only when go abroad alone , and I would have never have such an experience with travail by myself . at last , travail be a chance of think what I be and what I be go to be . in a place where we live , I ca n't be stimulate and there be n't good for my health , but in a new place , I can be fresh in my mind , and I want to know about this . I know that travaling with a group , for example with friend , family , but it be not interesting largely because I ca n't see , think alone . it be a chance to go , think , enjoy by myself , not for other . I want to go every year alone travail wherever I want , and expand my ability . 	JPN
understanding idea and concept be very important for student , because it help to remember process easily , for exemple . in the subject biology , it be very hard to learn fact without know for what the fact be necessary in a biological system or process . in history class it be also important to know about the date of event . but if you understand the idea and the development of an event , you can easier put the event in an chronological order . learn fact be very important for student who educate a language for exemple . they have to learn vocabulary to improve their new language . jus student have to learn fact , too , and they have no chance to let that out . student who study medicine also have to learn a lot of vocabulary for anatomy . learn fact about a theme cost a lot of time and be not really helpful in your late work for an enterprise . understanding idea and concept be more likely . it be easy to learn and to understand than fact . fact be just ficional and you often do not know how to use fact properly in an important situation . for exemple : if there be a machine which do not work any more , it be very difficult to check every single fact of the machine . it be easy to think about the whole concept of the machine : How do it work and what do it produce ? in this way it be more easy to find the problem of the defective machine . so , I think , student who want to take a job in an enterprise which be in the trade buisness or in buisnesses with process , have to know more about idea and concept . it be very important to know about the whole work of a process than to know about fact you can easily look up in a book . understanding idea and concept support the ability of think about a problem . and the skill to be able of find a solution for a problem be a skill that make you desirable for a lot of employee . in my opinion , it be supportable to declare that understanding idea and concept be the most important skill for buisness . and that be what student should learn at their university . 	GER
I agree with that young people enjoy life more than old people do . there be several reason for support this position . the first reason be that young people have much ability than old people . they can do anything they want to do . their power be strong than old people . they hardly get tired . if they dont do thing that they want to do until they be young , they can do nothing after get old . especially sport like surfin , run , soccer , squba diving , and so on . my hobby be travel abroad . take plane be so tired that I cant endure for a long time . last winter I go to Orlando , Florida alone . I have to change the plane for two time . totally , it take thirty hour to get there ! I think order people cant endure no longer . the second reason be that young people can return soon . when they make a mistake , young people can take other way . but once old people make a mistake , even though such a small mistake , they cant do again . they cant have another chance . for exsample , young people make mistake and they quit their job , they be able to hire another company soon . because they be young . but old people cant do so . maybe they be not able to hire a company . because of their age . ' ' too much old ! ' ' for these reason , I agree with that young people enjoy life more than old people do . 	JPN
I agree to the statement accord to my experience and to what I have see in the past and present and can predict the future solely through my reasoning . the fact that car bring major pollution , be inefficient , and car need oil to be use be instrumental that I agree to the propose statement . most importantly , car have significant detrimental effect to the natural environment around us , and therefore explain that , in the future there will be a decrease in the number of car . first of all , the exhaust create from car have pollute the air that we breath , sometimes stimulate disease to infant , child , adult and many other people . give that the natural environment be a resource that people all value and desire to protect , make it clear that car will be less use when people have see or will see the dramatic and harmful effect car have on the earth ' S atmosphere and to overall human health . on the other hand , car , in the first place , need oil to be access by a consumer , therefore car would be inefficient in the future . oil , currently be a very delicate and priceless resource currently at this time of the 21th millenium . since oil price be increase at an alarming rate , people may not have access to oil or petroleum in the near future . therefore it be obvious that oil be not a natural resource that can be renew fast enough to sustain its amount when human be ` over-exploiting ' its resource . as a result , it can be confirm that at this rate of the consumption of natural gas or oil , how will we be sure that there would be enough resource for car to run , in the next @card@ year ? lastly , from the experience that I have see be that government be truly try to decrease the number of car for critical reason . car may be convienient to the individual that use it , but it have numberous detrimental effect that government and the public have to deal with and clean up . therefore , every year government use a large percentage of their budget to pay up the car expense . expense such as , pollution , car management , car accident and many more . because of such expense , government be reinforce public transportation , such as railway , bus , and subway and be suggest as substitute for car because it be much for cost efficient as well as convienient for its user at the sametime . from my belief and opinion I agree to the specified statement , give that car create major pollution , be inefficient , and costly . 	KOR
I agree with the statement that people who achieve success do try new approach , rather than stick to the old thing which be familiar to them . for example ancient people be in the impression that earth be a flat surface . scientist who prove the theory of universe didnot stick to these preformed concept but rather think innovatively and achieve success . so new way and idea be always essential for the success of a person . they allow us to increase the horizon of our knowledge and perception of fact . Techonological advance be demand people to acquire new skill and approach . only those people who adapt to these circumstance will flourish in present day compettitive world . To illustrate , suppose a person be well skilled to type on his type machine and be complacent with his skill with no interest in learn computer skill will not meet new expectation of the employer and might loose his job . moreover , a person who adapt to the new demand and learn computer skill will flourish in his career . a successful person have the habbit of explore newways and new thing and he try to put himself in a superior position through his hardwork which be also innovative . if a person stick to the method well know to him and refuge to acquire new skill donot get increment and promotion in his job . some people do not dare to risk new change in their work . but we can never discover anything new without experiment . so , people should try newthings to improve themselves but that move should be genuine . for example , a wealthy bussiness man who invest all of his wealth in share might experience a severe loss amd may become a pauper . so I feel that new approches should be definitely encourage but the person should judge his move rather than hastily implement his idea . if the person be reasonable in his approach , risk due to new approach get minimise and he enjoy the fruit of his innovation . so it be not always risky to take up a newthing . rather we can not acjieve any thing in our life without face that minimum amount of risk . 	TEL
I agree with the statement that the good way to travel be with a tour guide . most of the people would not agree with this statement , as they will argue that you can become an explorer if you travel without a tour guide . well , this can be true if you be travel alone , travel with a lot of time on your hand and travel within your own country . but imagine if you be to visit a foriegn land , where you do not know any one . you do not know the people , the custom and the tradition . you do not know the historic place and you do not know the direction . How can you enjoy a tour in which you spend most of your time figure out where to go and how to get there ? travel in a group lead by a tour guide have many other benifits , such as meet the people in your group who share the same interest as yours . you can communicate with them and exchange a lot of valuable information . you can know where they come from and perhaps they can become your tour guide in their country and you can do the same for them . tour guide know the exact history of a particular place . they can take you to place which you might not have an access to if you be travel on your own . tour guide can also give you hint and tip when it come to deal with the local . they can advice you of the place that you should and should not go . most of all , the tour guide give you the good return on your investment . you can go to a foriegn country and make the good use of your time by not miss any of the famous and important place that you could ' ve miss if you be to travel alone . 	ARA
for a century , there be many invention that change our life a lot . One of those invention be automobile that we use almost everday . some people consider that car use might decrease little by little , and I agree with this idea . these day , many people , include me , worry about that population might reduce in the future , and because of that , car use might decrease , too . also , thank to develop technology , public transportaiton become much more convenient now , so this could be one of reason that people use car less in the future . nowadays , many people concern that population might decrease in the future . accord to investigation , population rate be focus in elder class people . One of reason be develop medical technology . moreover , more woman go out to work , recently , they usually refuse to have baby because they will not be able to avoid to quit their work . because of that , in the future , there might be less population in the world , and car use might be down , too . as technology develop , public transportation be now much more convenient than when it begin . in Korea , there be almost no facility , such as elevator to support injured people like Japan . however , this year , when I go there , there be many elevator to support those people . now , still there be many car in the street , but people might use more public transportation in the future because it be pretty cheap despite of convenience . as I mention , in the future , less people use car . of course , still many people use their own car because it be convenient , too . however , less population help to be down less use of car , and more people will use public transportation , which become more convenient . 	KOR
young people tend to do alot of activity and can perform alot of taskes and desire . in contrast to old people who can have difficulty to have their wish and desire fulfill . that be why , young people enjoy life more than old people do . physically speacking , old people walk most of the road in a life time , they be more weary and exhusted from thier trip . minimal interest in try new thing be obvious on an elderly person . contradict young people who have the energy and stamina to preforme taskes , ambition and the lure of the exsotic take over their mind , try everything and taste life in all of its colour , dicovering , learn , fel and perform more mission every day , every moment . emotion do have a big effect on a human be . old people understand that they age , they know for a fact that their mission in life in almost over , some be sensitive about death and they dont want to loose their family and friend . but , young people view life as a long trip , a horrizon of advantage they should grasp to sucseed . they have all their life to look forward to . the metal condition be huge wall to old people . they gradually start to lose their ability to think clearly and remember information , which be a big hussel to them , they know that thier organic computer ( brain ) in start to disintegrate and deminish but they cant do anything about it . while young people be at their climax of intelligence , new idea , new information to invent and learn and a future to look forward to . so why should a young person worry about his mental status ? at the end , young human be more lively and happy in their life , and old people tend to be more sorrow and sad about their current situation . so stay young and happy if you can . 	ARA
in this era of immense competition , modern youngster spend lesser and lesser time towards ` give back to the society ' . there be a downward trend in the number of hour spend do community service these day . the sense of belong have decrease over the year and we tend to take most thing for grant . community service be consider to be ` someone else ' S job ' . firstly , student be face with more workload from school and college so they have lesser leisure time . they feel so exhaust after class that there be little or no motivation to take up some community work . also , there be high competition , so the student tend to spend after-school hour do extra research or prepare for test . say a student be not do as well as she expect . in such a case , she will obviously concentrate on make an extra effort and study harder . thus community service take a backseat . secondly , when a student do have some time to spare , he or she may have an option to take up a pay job . for example , when a one have an option to make money by work in the local cafetaria and earn a good chunk of money , the community service option do not seem lucrative . this be due to the tendency of seek personal benefit before care for other . in other case , the leisure time be spend ` hang out ' with friend , watch moveis , go for concert , chat on the Internet etc . for instance , after a full day at college , two friend prefer to meet up at the mall rather then tire themselves out do more work . usually , the the motivation to do community service arise from a desire to present a more ` attractive ' resume or for college admission . however , it would be incorrect to generalize this staement because there be a few individual who genuinly like to do community service out of personal satisfaction . some people enjoy interact with elder at old age home and get happiness when the old express their excitement over have someone to talk to ! sadly , such youngster be few in number . hence , community service be decline these day . 	HIN
many student at some point of their life wonder if they should choose a specialization in their study or if they should go into a general university to choose class in many different field . I think both can be good , but everything depend on what you want to do . first of all , I believe that it be important that student do n't specilize too early . in high school for instance , it be important that student learn about many different field before be allow to choose which major they want to study . it can thus make student discover field of knowledge they do n't know before , but some field that can also attract them a lot . besides , I think that choose to specialize or not depend on what kind of job you want to do later . some job requiere good knowledge in many academic field . this be for instance the case of journalism . some of the journalist do decide to specialize , but the majority be able to write about every topic , whether it concern a pension reform or a football match . on a personal point of view , this attitude - to make the choice of not choose a specialization - can be very interesting . somebody who decide not to choose a major field of interest will be interested in much more numerous thing than somebody only interested in history or philosophy . but I also think that there be a danger for people know lot of thing , in many field . the society also need specialist who deeply know some aspect of the society . for instance , teach biology require to be a specialist in biology . and it be the same for all the teacher . in some country , teacher be teach two subject , but I think it be not such a good idea since they ca n't know very well two field of knowledge . To conclude , we can say that society need both - specialist and people that stay in general knowledge . but personaly , I like have learn many different subject before specialize myself . Thank to this , I discover what be biology , physic and many other field that I would not have discover without my high school class . 	FRE
advertising have always be a interesting discussion topic for the people . some people think that advertising be not very effective and do not do any wonder . on the other hand , there be also some people who think that advertising really have alot to do . and I think , I would be count in the second group . advertising may make anything good by the a good picturization of that product . the good the picturization , the well would be fascination towards the product . and look matter alot . for example , we go to some coffee shop and there we see alot of coffee and all the coffee be totally unknown to you . which one would you like to have ? certainly , that look most appeal to you . be n't it ? that be where advertising come into the picture . its magic of advertising . Advertising enable us to show the good side of anything . as we all know , that anything in this world be not perfect . all the thing have dark side too . so with a little help of advertisment , we can highlight the positive point of some product and can hide the negative part . for an instance , let take example of cold drink like , cola , Pepsi etc. these drink be so popular among the people . but the question be why be they ? while we know that these drink be not good for health . even then they do a great deal of bussiness all over the world . credit of this should go to the advertising . advertising totally hide the negative effect of the drink and make them popular . nowadays , even some school be provide training for how to do the advertising . these school consider advertising as an art . and we all know that what art be for . yeah , to increase the beauty of something . and thats what an advertisement do . advertisement increase the worth of the product . a coin have two face . now , it be upto us how we be go to show it to the other . advertise not only tell us how should we present something , but also how to present it with even a good look . in conclusion , advertisement enhance the worth and beauty of the product . and that make people buy them . 	HIN
on the one hand I think young people enjoy life more than old people do . young people be more active , they can make journey and sport . they go to party , spend much time with friend and have not much responsiblities . old people often have problem with their health . some old people need permanent medical and be not able to leave their home . furthermore they know the most of their life be over . I think this be not an amusing thought . so one can say many old people have not the possibility to enjoy life , but there be also old people who do not want to enjoy life . I know some old people who be healthy and well-off but nevertheless they do not go out , but sit in their hous and be sad . on the other hand young people be just at the beginning of their life and therefore they have to fight for their place in society . this struggle be not only fun , too . in school they have to work hard , because they want to rise their job opportunity and in university this situation be continue . when young people have leisure time , many of them waste their time in order to play vidoe game at the computer . other young people be unsatisfied by society and lead life as outcast . in contrast to that there be many healthy old people who earn a comfortable income or be even retire . they often afford luxurious trip and they have not so much pressure to be succesful . instead of stress in school , in university or at the beginning of a career , old people can play with their grandchild or can go for a walk with other old person . I think this be a great perspective . old people can look back and see what they have achieve over the year . that can also be great pleasure . resume all that reason , I think both young and old people can enjoy life , but I be convince that old people more often do so . 	GER
do most advertisement make product seem much good than they reallly be ? recently this issue have be bring into focus and arouse a fierce public debate . many people hold the opinion that it be due to the corlorful advertisement the product look much good than they really be , while the opinion be strongly oppose by numerous people who believe that all the advertisement show the reality to the costomers . however , as far as I be concern , I agree with the former which be most advertisement in our daily life make product seem good than they really be . To begin with , from my point of view , damage our health be among the drawback of advertisement make product look good than they really be . for instance , in order to get more profit , many medical merchant cheat the consumer by advertise their drug extraggrately . by use this method , the merchant be likely to become rich , however , many costomers who have perchased the medicine may be face with some healthy problem the bad medicine bring about . that be why I say some advertisement make product seem good than they really be . on the other hand , considerable though the benifits that advertisement result in be , they can not compete with the drawback that the advertisement make product seem much good than they really be bring about , if economic issue have be take into deliberation . for example , a number of merchant use advertisement to make their product look good in order to make more money , while the costomers do not realise the fact so they often spend large sum of money to buy a worthless product . after a period of time , they finally find out they be cheated . the example tell us that the impact that ad have on our economicis life be huge . in conclusion , there may be some element of truth in the thought of some people that advertisement do not make the product seem much good than they really be . however , in my mind , most advertisement which make product seem good than they really be really affect many people ' S health and procession . in order to enjoy a healthy and happy life , some measure must be take to manage the advertise industry to make advertisement tell the truth to the massive costomers . 	CHI
in a lean process , the aim should be well define in order to get closer to the target , be awarness of where to reach and what to get . To me this be a must for the learn process . I strongly belive that we need to differenciate the conceps , idea and fact . To me student need to learn what be necessart yo analyse and differenciate the fact and result . . To analyse the fact and result they need to learn idea and conceps ; ok , why ? first of all idea and conceps be the main resource of the behaviour , invention , express emotion and etc . so to make connection with result we need to consider idaes and concept that base on . To me student will learn both of them , unporved concept or idea can turn to fact tomorrow . . but also learn fact be necessary to anaylse the root af fact . What be the resource of the fact ? as a second student need to learn the methodology of compare conceps and fact . this help student to anylse the fact and also make easy to learn . in the learn process as an additional thing we can put to learn how to make comparison . further more while determing the aim of learn ; it should be to learn fact but be aware of idea and conceps . . it be like learn three situation of matter , but now scientis prove that there be one more sitiation of the matter . so be aware of conceps be helpful ' it be like not to close our eye from what other think . as a consequence stundents should have an idea that why they need to learn , and how ? and they need to learn make connection and comparison with fact and conceps while learn . . . l belive that learn conceps be not harmfull and waste of time and also learing just learn fact be like close our eye to the other . student need to learn both and make comparison of fact and idea while learn . 	TUR
I agree with this idea . there be four reason . at first , it be more appropriate to play sport because some of the hard sport such kind of succer , basketball and baseball , it be difficult to play for old people . in fact , there be only young star player in professional league of above sport . in addition , it be not only the number of sport they can do but also the risk of injuly when they play the sport . the possility to get injuly be high in old people case . secondly , young people can travel easilly than old people especially foreign country case . when we trip to somewhere , we sometimes face culture difference with other people who live in that place and should have flexible mind to accept such kind of culture difference to have good relationship with them . moreover , sometimes it be necessary to communicate with them by their own language . in that case , we have to learn another language to communicate . it be easy for young people to learn because of the flexible and fresh think way . thirdly , young people have enough time to do what they would like to realize . basically old people have more social responsibility especially they have son or daughter . it be quite difficult to make timing to do in quite tight situation of old people . Forthly , there be a lot of chance for young people to change situation accord to their preferance . for example , it be easy to get new job for young people rather than old people because they have a lot of potential to learn more about new job . main reason be they can work more time due to law . currently it be difficult to have job for over @card@ . some of the people who would like to work can not get job because of there reason . in young people case , it fully depend on themselves . 	JPN
I myself be consider a young person and live in a community compromise of both young and old . it be a common perception that young people enjoy themselves more than old people do . however , I think this perception be faulty . in fact it be the old generation who enjoy life more . youth have many advantage . it be perceive that young people enjoy more because they have more energy , enthusiasm and time . however , what they do not account be the society and its demand . with time our society have be evolve , it have become more demanding , more particular and much young , even though the young generation do have more energy , enthusiasm etc. etc. it do not have then time to enjoy . ` ` I wish the week have eight day ' ' - this be a common phrase hear from all young people across the globe . Younsters be push themselves to become responsible and successful citizen everday . they be always want to do more in less time . their life have peer pressure , study pressure , exam pressure , job pressure , personal pressure . add to this be various family , friend and other social obligation . there be too much to achieve in such less time . thus the attribute which should have assist them in enjoy life more become reason for them to work and achieve more . time be always short . in this rush of thing when do one get time to even breathe ? in contrast , the old generation be at a stage where they have undergo all pschylogical , communal , religious , physical metamorphisis . Thank to various state and public policy they be no longer financially dependant in old age . thus they be free to experince life as it be . though they lack in the attribute favour the young generation they compensate by maturity , patience and motivation to truly enjoy life . it be commonly say ` ` Life begin at Sixty ' ' . this be true , because by this age one be free of all responsiblities and obligation and can enjoy life at their own pace . there be true enjoyment only when one have time to experience every minute particle . 	HIN
in see how the total consumption of gas be consequent nowadays and regard the fact that it will increase with the rise of China ' S consumption , the car issue must be debate . however more the disparition of the use of car , I think an evolution of them be go to happen . even if the gas issue may raise question about slow the use of car for different reason - for instance because it entail environnemental problem such as the ozone layer depletion , and also because while ressources be decrease the gas consumption be still rise - in my opinion it wo n't happen . indeed car be a fundamental part of civilian everyday life , it have be one the most sell item since the @card@ ' S . today in most case it have become very difficult to live without a car when you be not live in a very big city . although price be lower , the other way of travel be still much more expansive than car . for instance most of the population who can afford it be go to work drive a car . it be true that other way of travel have be enhance in city such as the underground or bus , however car remain the easy and more common way to travel . Nevetheless , I think there will be some change but concern how car work . today some people be already work on how make car pollute less through foster research on other type of fuel make from plant for instance . To conclude we can say that change be obviously need but as far as I be concerned I think it will not be a decrease of the use of car but an evolution of car themselves . 	FRE
I think that in order to be successful one have to try new thing , and be bold , creative and innovative . if we do not do that to some degree , we be only repeat what many other people be already do , and eventually we can become obsolete or irrelevant . as an example I can contrast the story of Apple and IBM in the personal computer business . they start at about the same time , both with very innovative product , the Apple Macintosh and the IBM PC . during the year , though , Apple keep innovate the design and the software of his product so that they have always be cutting-edge , unique , even cool and trendy . IBM on the other hand think they could bank on their dominant position in the market for mainframe computer for large business . they assume that their established customer for IBM mainframe would have buy also IBM personal computer , and so they do not make an effort to keep innvovating their design and their software because they think business client do not require that . as a result IBM lose competitiveness and market share when other company start to make cheap ` ` clone ' ' or copy of the IBM personal compute that be more technologically advanced and well look than their IBM counterpart . by keep do what they tought they be able to do well , IBM end up sell the personal computer business entirely , after it become vastly unprofitable . on the other hand , Apple have acquire a large niche market for their Mac computer thank to thier continuous innovation . not only that : Apple have take substatial risk to diversify its product offering by invent new produtcs altogether , such as the iPod and the iPhone , most of whom have be hugely successful . finally , Apple have even take the ultimate risk to change their own name from ` ` Apple Computer ' ' to just ` ` Apple ' ' , to signify their shift from just the computer manufacturing business to the entertainment business . Today Apple sell not just compuetrs , but also consumer electronics such as the iPod and iPhone , and other product and service , such as music downloads . this show how being innovative and willing to take risk can lead to sustained success over time , and on the other hand how replicate our old way can 	ITA
I fundamentally agree with the statement that many advertisement make product seem good than they really be . however , we should not ignore the the benefit of the advertisement for this reason . To begin with , I admit that most advertisement do some exagerations on the product . it be also the reason why the manufacture be so fascinate in make advertisement . the ad arouse our interest by demonstrate how excellent the product be . for example , we can always see the ad for hair clean product on TV . some model or famous start come out to show their extremely shiny and smooth hair , and they tell us the special product be the reason for their beautiful hair . it be really attractive . but when we buy the product from the market and use them , we will find that the result be not as good as the they claim in the ad . from this aspect , we be cheat by the ad . however , the various advertisement play significant role in our life . on the one hand , we can receive some introduction and suggestion from them . imagine when we be shop in the super market , we must to face thousand of brand . there even would be hundred kind of soft drink . if we know nothing about the product , we must spend lot amount of time on selection . with different ad , situation change . we must be aware of several brand of the soft drink , then we can choose from these small range . on the other hand , advertisement have become a big industry . both the customer and the manufacture need the ad firm . and these firm supply large number of job opportunity for our society every year . therefore , the advertisement be necessary for us . last but not least , the quality and service determine the product ' fate ultimately , not the ad . we customer may be cheat once , but not always . besides , not every product be bad . the famous and lasting brand in most field be good enough for the customer , in fact . as this reason , I think it be acceptable when some advertisement exagerate the benefit of the product . base on the above reason , I believe that advertisement would serve good function to our society , although they sometimes make the product seem good than they really be . 	CHI
car be one of our major transport item in modern life . we have be use them for more than @card@ year but it ' S hard to tell what their approximate number will be in twenty year time period as this subject need a large analysis . but some prediction compare their advantage and disadvantage can be make . number of car in use can increase or stay nearly the same in twenty year . first of all , they be not new technology so that they become crucial element of our life . for inctance , we have build large road , bridge or traffic rule to use them effectively and even some of us regard their car as their friend . What be more , although they pollute the environment it could n't prevent people from use them . secondly , they still provide easy access to everywhere compare to plane or train . for instance , we will still be use our car to go near distance . in addition , there can be new material in twenty year time , which will be alternative to petrol and which will enhance the car usage . on the other hand , it ' S also possible to say that number of car in use will lessen in follow year . new transport opportunity can be mention to support this argument . for instance , much accessible and much more efficient vehicle can be preferred in the future . moreover , car use petrol which be a natural resource that wil be finish soon and for which people be be kill for year , so it ' S logical to think that people be already feed up with problem that petrol cause . not only its political and social problem , but also petrol and car have an economical aspect due to the fact that petrol price have be on increase and become very expensive . in conclusion , it ' s possible for car to be popular in follow year as they be up to now . but in my opinion , the backdraws of these little vehicle be so many that , people will find new option in twenty year . besides , none of us want to face war or high price any more . 	TUR
I agree with the opinion that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be for the follow two reason . first , I think that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be in order to attract many people . for example , I think upon the advertisement of Nintendo DS , which be the portable video game machine sell by Nintendo , Japanse famous company of video game . at the TV commertical , Fujisaki Nanako , who be one of the most famous actress in Japan , seem to enjoy play it . then , last year I buy it . at first , it be interesting for me . by contrast , within three day , I become boring . now my Nintendo DS put on the bottom of the box . Nintendo DS be not attract for me . this example illustrate that in order to attract many people advertisement try to show that product be good than they really be . second , many people agree with the situation that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . for example , when I be a student at Kyoto University , which be one of the most famous college in Japan , I take a brand strategie class , in which we thoght how to make the brand image of the company through case study . when professor Okada , who be my teacher at the class , discuss about an advertisement of car . in the class discussion , Okaie , who be the good student in my class , state that in the TV commercial , such as Toyota and Nissan , the car run along the very beautiful road which we have never see . he mention that this situation be only brand strategie and everyone know that there be not such a beautiful road in Japan . every student agree with his opinion . at that time I understand that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . therefore , I definitely agree with the opinion that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	JPN
I disagree with stateman that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community becouse the young spend many of his or her time to help the person that have some disability and also help the old people , for this reason the statement be wrong . an example be if a young have a grandparent such as grandfather or grandmother when he help them he make an help for the community becouse they spend a time to help an old person to buy food , water , medicine and other and have also spend time to speack with them that in some case be more important than when a person go to them only for take a list of what they necessity . this be the same aspect that there be when a young help a person with disability becouse the true problem be n't his inability to do something but be the necessity to speack and play with other person same to him or her and this person be the young . I know a lot of young people that over the time that he spend for him also spend a little or a large of the time that remain to him to help this person and this be very important for the community and the people that do this . 	ITA
do success come to you or do you come to success ? Would do only what you be use to do be proficient to take it to another level ? the key to success often come with a certain risk involve . observe successful people you often find a pattern that those people be open to new idea , will go new way and broaden their vision continously . the be not shy to take risk , and thus help progress to be make . if one only do what he use to be do for year , his vision would narrow and his success be steady . many people succeed not in do the same year in , year out , but in break out of their usual work pattern . certainly , this very step involve a lot of risk . if you fail , you might lose your job . if you invest lot of money , it might be lose . if your be work with hazardous material , you might risk your health or even your life . but technical progress hardly would have be make if it be not for people who risk their life in order to find way to improve airplane , car or machinery . if no one dare to award Larry Page and Sergej Brin with two million dollar in @card@ , Google would not have revolutionize the Internet . now , it pay off a millionfold . risk have to be take , and people need to be open to new idea to develop them further , to try them out and to eventually decide whether they be worth it or not in , order to gain a competitive advantage over their rival . nothing be secure , and nothing be to be gain if we just stick with what we know , and only in very rare case success and development come to us . in most case , we have to work hard for it , never know whether it will pay of . One of the good example might be stock brokering . be he most successful who always go for the safe bet ? generally , the high revenue be make through invest in the more risky stock . and only those who be open to take the risk will succeed long-term in this market . be open to new thing and dare to take risk bring you further than just go with the normal daily routine . 	GER
I disagree with this statement . first , we can approuve this kind of opinion because we often hear about successful people whose success be a response to an new idea . for instance , people who develop the chain-work in the industry of automobile use to take a lot of risk . they do n't know if the demand be big enough to develop this kind of mass production , but they choose to take the risk and they be successful . that ' S why the statement we discuss be not totaly wrong , but I think that it ' S not true . my point be that I think that try new thing and take risk be two of the key factor to be successful , but be not caracteristics of successful people . there be other factor to run well a business , like good opportunity . sometimes , you have a real good opportunitie and you choose to try , and that ' s the key of your success . moreover , there be a lot of successful people who have a good idea at the beginnig , but who do n't take new risk for year . for instance , Bill Gates be a realy successful person , but he do n't take risk nor than he try new thing . he have develop the most famous firm in computer engineering , but he do n't try to diversify his activity . moreover , a lot of successful people base their success in a very particular field . they choose to become the good in what they do , and they do n't want to change their image by try new activity . so , they do n't try new thing , they do n't take risk but they be successful because they know exactly how to do well what they do . this be exactly the opposite of the statement we have to discuss . and I do n't think it ' s wrong . To conclude , I think that there be not only one way to act when you be successful , and that ' S why it ' S really difficult to run a successful business . every successful business manager be different , and take different decision than an other manager in a same situation . 	FRE
there be many way one can travel . people can travel alone or in group lead by a tour guide or travel in group without a tour guide . i do prefer to travel in a group lead by a tour guide . because with the help of a tour guide we can save time , save money and get the effective use of their rich knowledge about the place . i prefer to travel in a tour lead by a tour guide . because they will have experience in plan and arrange tour . by this way we do n't need to scratch our head to plan the tour . for example , one our family plan to visit singopore . in singapore , we miss many important place to visit . this be because we have less knowledge about the place and language . we would not have face this problem if we have hire a tour guide . with the help of a tour guide , we can complete our tour with less cost . because they will have a complete data base of hotel , travel , lodge and other important thing around the world . they can find effective tour plan that will fit into our budget . for example , one of my friend who also visit the singapore with his family with a tour guide complete the tour with inly @card@ dollar . but in our trip i spend more that @card@ dollar . so i think a good tour guide will help us in save money . by hire a tour guide we can save time during the tour . because they can plan us some good schedule so that we will visit maxium place in the limited time . also , by choose a good and experienced guide we can get to know the historical fact behind the place or city . though we will get a overhead of pay to the guide , i think its more worth than the amount we pay them . so i think consider all the important fact mention above , its good to hire a tour guide when we be go to travel in group . 	HIN
the community association be form in order to serve their community , to make it develop . as the engine need petroleum product to work ; the community need young people ' S attention to be strong and well-organized . however , because of the education that young people have , the way of live that the other , with whom the young people live with , the daily event , which make the young people think pessimistic , young people do not pay enough attention to their community as they do before . firstly , education , that we have during our life , have really important effect on people ' S way of living . it can be easily see that , well-educated people be care their community more than the other people , who be not well-educated . for example , think of somebody who graduate from university . the person , we be talk about , have a knowledge of thing that a community need and can give a decision about what to do for the community . secondly , young people can get easily affect from the people they be live with . be not it right that young people want to be like their parent ? nor , their parent do care about the community that they live in , neither the young people be the small version of parent . these be not all the factor that can affect young people in a bad way like this . have anybody ever think the idea of daily event can affect young people in a bad way ? for instance , think about the topic of war , occure in the middle eastern country . this can be tell as one of the reason that young people be pessimistic about the future and their community . finally , from my standpoint it be true that young people do not give enough time to their community . I do strongly believe the thing this can be so 	TUR
some people like to have broad knowledge of many academic subject while other prefere to stick with one subject and do the good they can improve what they learn . personally i prefer to specialize in one subject for many reason i will explain in this essay . first of all , Consentrating on one subject make you a professional and knowledgable in that subject . also when you give as mach of your time as you can , you will be very successful . it be good to stick with one subject than be confuse with many subject which will you forget in the future . secondly , it be a quiet challenge when you specialize in one subject . for example , when pick one academic subject and study it for you whole life and get an advaced degree , your life be go to be good and your child will get good education . talk about myself , now i be thirty-three year old and i be still study and try to get my master degree in engineering . I pick that subject when i be in highschool and still be in mind and do whatever it take to finish what i start and it be like challenge myself . finally , i would like to say that pick one subject be much well than have more subject which very complicate for me . specialize in one subject be even challenge yourself or other , and also you should put your mind in thing to be successful in life and be well educate . 	ARA
in my view , the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . I do not prefer to travel alone as i believe that when you travel with friend then you can take atmost pleasure and information of the travel as there will be many question for the tour guide as there will be many brain , not one . I just want to emphasise this by use an example of my travel with my friend . I be a history student by profession . in the last year of my college I have a thesis to be submit on a great monument , Taj Mahal . it be a tour where a group of 4 ( include me ) have go and the place be to New Delhi , in India where Taj Mahal be locate . it be one of the ancient city in India with great history and also the capital of the country . there we hire a tour guide , who be believe be the good in the place . while look at the monument and hearing to the information from the guide , we be astonish about the history , beauty and the effort require for its construction . there be lot of area in the monument whose name be not even hear by us before i.e. none of the book contain these detail , which be very important for our observation and thesis . there be lot of question that be ask by our group to the guide . I think my share of question would be only one tenth of the total . then , I realise the importance of travel together . I feel that if I have come to the place alone then i would have learn only one tenth of the information for the thesis which would have reduce my score . after come back from New Delhi to our place we have check our share of expenditure for the travel and it be only @card@ % when compare to expenditure if one one travel else . with the above mention example , I believe that travel in group with a tour guide not only help in get more information about the place you visit , but also help in reduce your expenditure for the travel . it reinforce your relation with your friend . you will remember and recollect your experience and incident in the travel through out you life . 	TEL
` ` half knowledge be always more harmfull then not get it at all . ' ' it be always important to understand idea and concept rather than learn from the fact . however one can always support idea with the fact and figure of day today life . for a student the more knowledge one get , the more beneficial it be . if everyone will start practice learning through fact then there wo n't be any room for the reserch to take place and people will stop show interest towards the innovation and new thing . for example the fact be that a school bus fetch kid from school to home whereas the idea and concept behind be to make their journey more comfortable , safe and enjoyable . understand a subject in the depth be the basis of get knowledge about it . its always good to support your idea with a fact but if the knowledge be totally base on the fact , then one have to make sure that it be complete and accurate when my mother inlaw get admit to the hospital every one know that he have go through a massive heart attack and the underline fact that everyone be state be that she be old enough to survive . me and my husband be more interested in know that how to take good care of her so that she should not have much complication afterwards , so the doctor take time out to explain us that how heart work in a human body . the impact of fat rich diet on blood vessel and heart and which may lead to the process of atherosclerosis , how heart have to do more work . after get the concept clear on the same , i think both of us be in a good position to take care of her and to discuss this topic with her and our family . I strongly feel that it be important for student to understand idea and concept and its always advantageous to learn fact about the same so a combination of both be important 	HIN
I think that try new thing and take risk be not necessarily of condition to be successfull but that it be a condition to get out of mass . I think people do good work should be recognise for it and have success in their carrer even if ther do n't do anything new . I know a small shop where the man repair show and bag . the man be do very good work at a very reasonable price . it be nothing special but the quality of it < s wor be know in the town and he always have client . however , the man be neither very rich or very famous . if this be the kind of success one target , then I think the person must absolutely try new thing and take risk to distinguish from the other people . among the people we remember the more be the inventor and discoverer . they often try a lot of thing before do the iinvention that make the famous . 	FRE
Education be the cornerstone in our society , it ' S the main path that lead a person into the large , endless world of knowledge . knowledge can be broad , as well as narrow . but which one be good to have ? To be able to answer this question properly , this topic will be divide into two part : the undergraduate and the graduate student . the undergradutate student will take a diversity of course . this will provide them with a large opportunity that allow them to choose in which field to go later on . for example , in the first two year of the pre-pharmacy degree , we use to take , for instance , cultural study course , art course , which be not relate to pharmacy . and many student shift their major after take these course . they find themselves brilliant in other field . this diversity in course , give them the chance to choose the major that suit them the good . imagine that the student take only major pharmacy course from the first year . this could lead to the failure of many student , because they be not give the chance to study other course . it ' S a serious situation , especially in the academic major that be relate to the public health and safety , such as medicine , pharmacy , engineering , etc . . . however , the graduate student do n't have this problem . they decide to go through a specific field , after take this diversity of course , when they use to be undergraduate student . so , have a broad knowledge of many academic subject will not last forever . and it ' S a complementary of the narrow knowledge . 	ARA
I ' m agree with the affirmation that say : young people enjoy life more than old people do . I have twentythree year old therfore i be a young boy , in this period my life be very enjoy and for this i be happy . in this last year I have do some thing , many of this be very important for my growth , many of this be very enjoy , but at the other hand there be some bad moment . moreover I can say that in my life the good period be more present than bad period . I ' m young and this thing be very beautiful , in this period of my life i can do some enjoy thing , for example yestarday i play with my friend at football , in other day I have play at baseball , cricket , basketball . . young old let me do this thing , becouse my body be ok , I do n't have problem , I ' m healtly . at the moment i think that i can do everything ! it ' S a good sensation , the good i have never have . at the other hand this good period ca n't continue for all my life , in this case i could be an Highlander ! there be a period of our life that all thing be more difficult than in youth . this difficult period be when the people come to be an old person . this be the ultimated state of our life , when our body come to be ill , old . . . I think that there be some good moment in this sad period , the close contact with our relative develop one strong rapport , be important , in this manner we can be more happy than only . in conclusion I think that young people be more enjoy than the old , but we must love our life , becouse in unique and indispensable . 	ITA
I believe that marketing and advertisement have start to play an interesting role in our life . the number of product available in the market today be increase very fast , and therefore manufacturer be race with each other to make their brand name and product know to people . the question be why do a possible customer remember one product , on the other hand forget the other ? the answer to this question be trivial , somehow the possible customer be convince that ( this can also be on the subconscious level ) one of the product be good than the other , and therefore remember only the good one . this give advertiser all around the world motivation to show the product well than they be , because they need to show that that particular product be the good . the first proof of this can be find in advertisement that present a setting that be not or can not be real . this could be a beach so amazing that it can only be a painting , or a photograph modify use software . I think that the setting be the key to make people believe that what you be offer be something good than they have , because it be be display in an environment that be good than yours . another example of this might be the people in the advertisement , most of the woman in it be very beautiful and most of the man in it be very handsome . What an advertiser be try to achieve by use nearly flawless character be to convince us that we can be like them , all we need to do be to buy that new cellular phone . the bad case be of course when an advertiser claim that a product can do something that it can not in the average . most of the advertisement only give information about the good case , an extreme example could be that how a tooth paste make somone ' S tooth as white as pearl from the ocean , in a clinical experiment . during the time interval , this information be be transmit to our brain , a fast subtitle write in a tiny font size indicate that in this experiment some kind of chemical be also use to amplify the effect of the mention tooth paste . this situation will continue to become a big problem as long as new product be introduce to the global and local market everyday , because this will increase the motivation for advertiser to do so . 	TUR
I agree with the passage that state that successful people try new thing and take risk . it be good for people to do what they know how to do well , and probably they will succeed on that topic but if they only focus on that , they wo n't be as succesful as they would have be by try different thing and take risk . I believe that the more new thing we try , the more we learn , and therefore , the more chance we have to feel that we make it to our goal , which I think be what define sucess in life . but of course the risk should not be any type of risk , for example , open a new business like the restaurant , would be a risk for people that do not have the expertise on that type of business but if they ask for advice from expert on that area and make a sound judgement of the possibility of that particular business , it be good to take the risk . another example of a type of risk that people can take in order to reach sucess , be take the chance to apply to a University to get a degree . some people think that they will be reject and because of that they just keep in the same possition that they be at that moment , maybe because they have a fear of failure . if they do not work hard to get what they want and do not risk the possibility of feel reject , it be something that , I believe , will affect them in the future when they think about the thing they have do in their pastw and do not do it . that wo n't make the person feel sucesssful . for all these reason , I believe that sucessful people should take risk and learn to do new thing in life . 	SPA
I agree to the author ' s opinion that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . the present generation face various challenge , work with too many responsibility in a world of immense competition . they hardly have ample time to help their community . man ' s life today have change tremendously with the advancement in science and technology . the more the change over the year , the high their aim have become , the great the responsibility to be carry out and the great be the accomplishment to be make . his need have change tremendously with advancement in technology and science . this change have not make his life easier but also challenge to succeed . man irrespective of his age be work hard than what he be do a @card@ year back . if we cosider a small kid , he too be busy with his academic schedule with a change in his syllabus , amount of material to be study . he hardly find time for his co-curricular activity . if a teenager be consider , he be busy make a career for himself . a middle age man be quite occupy in improve his skill or standard of living . its only a retire person who seemingly have time for activity but lack enough energy . the change in technology over the past few year have bring a change not only in man ' s life make thing easy for him but also in his way of thinking . today even a small kid think about what advantage he can get for sacrifice something . every individual be more focus on what he or she can become , how much can he or she earn and how to make more profit . they lead a very mechanical life where they mainly believe in the famous saying ` ` Time be Money ' ' . they would not like to spend their time on something that doesnot benefit them in term of money or luxury . as consider in management science theory that man ' s social need come only after his financial need . in such a society people hardly think about their community and take out some time to help their community . Therfore the author ' s opinion about the young people not havin time to help their community be very much agreeable . 	TEL
there be now numerous advertisement in television , magazine or newspaper which describe product they make . also , they attract consumer and make them buy their product by advertising . however , there be a problem with most advertisement . it be that the real product be often bad than product show in advertisement . advertisement often fake consumer by hire famous actor and hide bad characteristic that involve . with such a famous actor , company could make a lot of money in advertisement . suppose that certain company hire Bread Pitt . in that advertisement , Bread Pitt use a new after - shave lotion that company have make . then , consumer think that company ' S after shaving lotion have great quality because well-known actor use it . in addition , people believe that if they buy that product , they could be like famous actor or they could follow actor ' s fashion at least . unfortunately , the product be not that great as people expect . although well-known actor use it , it do not mean that their product be well-made . obviously , company often highlight the good characterstics involve in their product but they often hide the bad thing in advertisement . there be a lot of reasearch which be do by undergraduate student relate to this topic . they finally find that even though company should inform all characteristic by law , they often make bad characteristic invisible . company usually put the negative information under their product so that consumer can not see it . people often see the highlight word such as ` ` this product be free from pesticide or this product be the first invention in the whole world , ' ' Truly , there be some people who say that make great advertisement be obligatory for company who want to earn lot of money . however , they go too far . company should think the consumer ' right . they have their right to buy what they want and base on information that adverstisements give . 	KOR
old people usually consider young people of our generation as more lazy and more self-centered than young people of their own generation . Eventhough the origin of this belief be easy to understand in individualistic country , I find it difficult to accept the idea that people nowadays do n't give enought time to help their community . indeed , I think that modern society offer more structure and organisation to allow people to help the community indirectly . for instance , system such as the social security system in France allow worker to help indirectly the people need health care by pay taxis . if this idea do not seem to apply directly to young people , once again we can argue that young people be indirectly help their community . for instance , when they spend time work for school in order to get the need skill to eventually find a job and contribute to the wealth of the country . some people would argue on the other hand that governements of modern society do not offer enought to the people who still need individual help , not only in term of money , but mostly in term of time . an example could be the lack of volontiers for the care of retiered people need personnal help . if one approach consist in blame the people have free time , like the young people , for their selfishness , and alternative attitute can be to look at who help , and who do n't help to change the situation . modern society probably reach this point of no-return where people get use to rely on the governement for social issue . therefore its seem reasonnable to give more credit to the people who actually act on the governement - by the power of voting , by protest , or take part in the political life - so that social issue become a major concern . as a conclusion , they be different way of help a comminity , and we can find , depend on the culture or the country , specific group of young people who actually give time to make something usefull , either by work hard at school , or by voting . 	FRE
it need people like Benjamin Franklin , who be risk his own life for the sake of science , when he use a parachute during a thunderstorm to study the characteristic of electricity , in order to enhance our technological but also philosophical understanding . there be countless example of man in history who risk there own wealth or even there life to try out a ` new thing ' in which they believe and put their faith . it be inherent to the human nature to strive for new knowledge and wisdom . but new knowlegde can only be gain by dare the step aside of the enlighted path and search in the darkness . risk have to be accept as a part of this search . To become successful you need to distinguish yourself from the crowd and this also mean to accept some risk . One possibilty to do so be by explore new way and , thereby , invent something new or develop new skill . successful entrepreneur , for example , be usually recognise as risk-taking people . innovation be the result of their effort to become good and make thing well . with their success the shape our economy and our society . it be people like Bill Gates who change the world we be live in today ; and he start in a small garage , work on something people at that time might have call ` crazy ' and ` useless ' . he definetely try a ` new thing ' and that be wad make him very successful . another proof that success and risk-taking go together can be provide by the financial market . it be take the risk which pay off . but that do not necessarily mean that risk be uncontrollable . information can be gain and use through personal effort to assess the quality of the risk . so to become successful it be also necessary to get inform , imply that one can not only do what he know how to do well already but have to try ` new thing ' . acknowledge this , I have to agree with the give statement . 	GER
I read , I forget . I learn , I still forget . I understand , I remember . this translation of a Chinese proverb say it all . a strong and sturdy base be mandatory for every building to stand tall . an understanding of thing be like a base to a human being in the building of his life . it be obviously more important to understand thing that it be to learn fact about them . it be this understanding of a particular topic or a phenomenon which encourage an individual to analyse thing occure around him or her . this can be clarify well as we take a look at the follow example : for instance , we consider the example of an electrical engineer . he have learn from the book fact about domestic power supply . but he have not understand how the process of deliver power be take place . in case of an emergency , if he be require to tackle some power problem , he would n't be able to repair it , or try to troubleshoot it might even prove fatal to him , if he do not have an understanding of the fundamental . consider the example of swimming would not be difficult . if a person have learn the Archimedes ' principle of buoyancy , it obviously would not help him swim . but it would only be possible if a person understand how to swim under proper guidance . All the research expert and scientist around the globe be responsible for new innovation not because they have mug up fact and figure relate to their area , but because they have create their own fact and law use their understanding of the subject . consider the above example and illustration it can be very well say that - it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . for only this would bring them up as good individual and good thinker who would help in development of their country 	HIN
the reason of success be multiple . on one hand , many people think that to be successful we need to find new solution , anticipate new trend and by the way take risk . on the other hand , people tend to think that experience prevail and that the good way to succeed be to focus on and master what you be already able to do . in my opinion , success be directly link to the risk you be able to take . in the business world , one of the most usual word to explain the success of a company be ` ` innovation ' ' . nowadays , client or shareholder be attrated by company which take risk by offer really new product . the world be move and change , the company which will survive be the company which be able to aniticipate new social or economic trend . for example , easyJet be very successful because this firm understand and analyse the trend of ` ` low-cost ' ' before anyone else . it be risky compare to the traditional and expensive offer . but finally , easyJet or Ryanair be the most popular . indeed , it be quite important to focus on one speciality to be the good in what we do . Nonetheless , people who give the priority to experience be more static in their way of thinking , and have a weak ability of adaptation toward a change environment . people who take risk , for example in an artistical activity , will be award because they go against a kind of conformism . this be exactly what we be look for , in globalised economy . To be successful , we need to be ` ` different ' ' , and take risk for that . To conclude , explore new field bring new idea of business . risk be the basis of success . simply , we can say that ` ` who dare , win ' ' , and even if your objective be not to succeed , risk be important in life because they spice up our daily life . 	FRE
I agree with the statement . I think that fact show that most successfull people have try new thing and take more risk that unsuccessful peolple . for example , most of big computer corporation be own or manage by people that take many risk in the 1970s and 1980s by bet in the new emerge computer product . those people take many risk and succeded . such reality be in accordance with the economic principle that ` ` more risk involve more gain ' ' . therefore , it be probable that a person who take risk will have more profit that a person that only do what he know good . this be under the assumption that the person who take such risk be a well educate person and not just a gambler . also , if a person only do what he already know how to do good , it will not gain more experience and the knowledge that it will require in order to be successful . for example , if a person only do what he already know how to do good it will probably never fail . this may seem something good but it be not . it be very important to fail in order to learn from our mistake . that be why successful person have often fail numerous time . for example , many of today ' s rich people have be declare in bankrupcy many time . finally , the result of try something new be most of the time a new product , which , after have the corresponding trademark right declare , give a person the exclusive right to sell it . for example , most successful farmaceuticals have become such due to the invention of new drug . this could only be achieve because such farmaceuticals take many risk and do thing in a different way . it be important to mention that this do not only apply to proffesionals but also to artist . many artist have be successful because they have perform its art in a different way , take many risk . 	SPA
it be interesting to travel and to know about culture of other country . when I travel , I usually travel with a tour guide . I become more pleased after I go travel in a group than travel freely . I strongly believe that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide because , I can get knowledge and I can spend travel money more effectively . To begin , I can get knowledge . One of tour guide ' work be to help people to understand the culture of the other country . also they need to make sure that they show the culture and some tourist give opportunity to traveler to experience the culture . To illustrate , I go to Hongkong last week and it be very nice . the tourist show us the culture of Hongkong and not only that , we could also eat food of Hongkong and go to place where Hongkong people usually go in daily life . he also talk about the history of Hongkong that we could understand the culture easily and I become to have interest . therefore , with tour guide , traveler can know about the country more deeply . moreover , I can use the money that be spend on travel more effectively . some people travel to get out of daily work and to get rid of their stress . they think they need to relax during travel but they need money to travel so I think it be not cost effective . for instance , when I go to Cambodia , I do n't go there with a tour guide so I do n't know where to go . so I just spend my time have rest in my hotel room which be waste my time and money . even though I could have a rest at home , I choose to spend money and have a rest in other county which be not a good choice to make . thus , I can save money . To wrap up , I think the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . first of all , I can get knowledge and learn deeply about other country . also , I can use money that be spend more effectively . 	KOR
today be an era of compititons and for survive in this competitive age man have find various trend . publicity be one of the trend man use to increase the popularity of his product . so i m kind of disagree with the statement that ` ` most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . ' ' now a day we get to see big celebrity like tv and film actor and actress and even sport person flash every now and then on the television endorse a product or in a news paper . . Pepole may fall for these traps and can end up havin a product which be actually not worth of those huge amount if not inspect properly . i cant deny the fact that , sometimes in compete with the similar brand these advertisement do show some false statement and just because people trust these brand ambassedors blindly , end up buy that product . so thats why i dont completely disagree with the above statement . but at the same time in my opinion , viewer should see these advertisement vigilantly and before buy them they shuld examine the product and check out the validity of the statement and claim make in those commercial . it be the duty of the customer to keep in mind that there be some agency who overrate their own product to improve the sale . also , in a country like india there be a govern body call ` ` ISO ' ' which check the authenticity of product and after series of close inspection give them the authority to be sell in the market . so with such authority lik ` ` ISO ' ' overrate a product and advertising be not easily possible . Advertisemnts help the viewer to discriminate the good and bad quality of the product by compare it with other similar brand . it also create awareness in the mind of customer about the new and technologically advanced product . so in conclusion , keep in mind the advantage of advertising we cant make a generalise statement that product be make to seem good than they really be . it be as a ` ` customer ' ' our job to check the authenticity of such product . 	HIN
this topic remind us of the popular question ` ` what be good : quantity or quality ' ' . the essay be go to focus of the advantage and disadvantage of have a broadng knowledge of many academic subject versus be specialize in a particular one . the first part of our essay will enumerate and expalin the advantage of each of them and the second part would discuss the disadvantage . the elementary and seconday education be mostly an all subject teaching rather than a specific . it give the student the opportunity to have an idea of the different field of study and also give them a variety of choice as per their future career or postseconday education . in may case the student have enough time to see if he would choose a particular option or career orientation . for example a student who take physics and biology have various choice of career : he could decide to go into the technical or engineering field or the medical field . in the other hand a student who focus on a particular subject would definately excell in it in the future because of the time spend study it . this be particularly true for student in technical school , who choose their career option from the elementary or seconday level . a student whop attend an aviation maintenance school from his secondary level would have all the necessary tool to succeed in aeronautical engineering for example . recall tghe popular say ` ` jack of all trade and master of none ' ' : we see that student who focus on too many subject end up not master any . have a broad knowledge of many academic subject could lead to more confusion also when the time come to choose a specialization . in the other hand be specialize in only one subject reduce or limit your option for a future career and also expose you to the economical and geographical change . after specialize on only one subject and the career be no more attractive , we will be force to change orientation and start at fresh . an exanple of a student who specialize in nursing from seconday level would only end up enroll for a nursing degree in in conclusion we would say that what be good depend greatly on the individual and his ability to use what he have learn . 	FRE
I completely agree with the fact that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . To support my stand there be three valid point . firstly , with the advance technology new and fast mode of transportation be come up like metro , bullet train , intra city express which make it very convinient for people to travel from one place to another and actually consume less amount of time as compare to car which generally take more time because of the traffic jam and all . people rather commute to far off place in metro and train and have already start use their car as mode of transporatation to near station if they have such an option . secondly , with the arrival of Internet and Video telecommunication most of the office find it convinient for its staff to work from their home , eg . software firm , business office and corporation relate with trading of Shares etc . with this trend on , it will take very few year when most of the people will be work from their home . this will automatically reduce the usage of car as most of the people use their car to go to their respective office . finally the most important factor which will determine the reduction in the usage of the car be the scarcity of the fuel . in today world the consumption of fuel be grow exponentially and it seem there be no mean to replenish it , even though various effort be be make world wide . with limited amount of fuel supply the world wont be able to sustain the demand of the market and finally , to come up with the solution so as to reduce the fuel consumption , people will be motivate not to use car and other such vehicle . this will automatically determine less usage of car in the future year . it might be hard to digest but the way thing be turn out to be it seem we will soon stop the usage of one of the most important invention of human history . and it can be very well assume that this time duration will be not more than twenty yeras . 	HIN
I do not agree with the statement because of the follow three reason . the student will not have chance to confirm that what they know be true , and it might cause the decrease of the student ' interest towards the subject . also , they will not have ability to adjust their own knowledge to perform in the actual world which be the main reason why student learn . therefore , it be not more important for studnets to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . understanding idea and concept be recieving information from other who have already experience , and by not be able to actually see how the idea and concept work , the student might not be able to have enough interest about the subject as they should be . if the student be not actively experience the fact on their own , they can easily doubt that if those idea and concept be true in real world . lack the ability to see how they actually work can cause the decrease of their interest , which bring negative affect on learn habit . student without skill to perform correct action in the real world often do not have enough experience which come from learn fact of their own experience . as they grow up and prepare to play a important role in the society , it be require to have a lot of knowledge as well as enough experience to know how to adjust the knowledge for each specific situation . student with only idea and concept which other people have introduce will lack the ability to gather specific information of their own and place them into a correct consequence . it be more important for student to learn fact because it increase the willingness for student to learn as well as the ability to perform good in various situation in the real world . 	KOR
in my opinion , there be no general answer to the question whether or not new thing and risk will lead to more success than stick to old shoe . I think it highly depend on the character of a person . people might be very successful in do what they have do all their life . usually , they be very experience in what they do and with their knowledge and their background they be able to make the right decision which eventually might lead to a great success . on the other hand , people who take risk and who be willing to learn new thing , new theory and new perspective , can generally be characterize as more open-minded . they have to arrange with new situation and be more flexible . they have to pay attention to the change of market and change with their environment . it can also be assume that people who seek new challenge be more motivate than people who do the same thing every day , because they will not get bore by a daily stupidity . not only that new challenge lead to new opportunity for success , I also think that have and gain knowledge in more than one field rather than be a specialist on one certain topic provide a lot more option for success . be able to follow and take part in discussion on a variety of field might earn the respect of other people . it be a lot easy to give an objective opinion , if one can verify this opinion through solid experience in a variety of field . I think have a wide range of basic knowledge be a lot more impressive than just be able to lecture on one specific topic . people with common sense and a variety of interest might more likely be employ by an employer than probably would be a specialist who have not ever look beyond his narrow borderline . although I can see situation , where experience in do familiar thing can lead to success , I , as to speak for myself , would prefer learn new thing and accord to that I would also be willing to take some risk . despite all these argument on success , I also think that life be a lot more worth living with the opportunity to face new challenge and learn new thing . 	GER
I ' m agree with the follow statement : ` ` young people enjoy life more than old people do ' ' . I think that young people live your life more attentment to old people . they go to a party , disco , pub but also cinema , university , teatre , ecc . the young people love travel and they visit all town of Europa or Asia . the old people must think at their family and at their child or also their parent . they watch television or walk in the park . they play at ` ` tre sette ' ' ( tipycal Italian ' S play ) Young people havent not too problem and too responsabilities that old people have . young people be the future , they must learn to old people ' S error . I study and i have not more time for my obby . i do n't like to disco but if i have freetime i prefer go in a pub to drink few beer with my friend 	ITA
within the follow essay I discuss if people try new thing and take more risk be more succesful than people use well establish practice . for the beginning I give an principal definition of succes , because it be a question of perspective wether someone be succesful or not . secondly I highlight several argument on the topic before conclude with my own opinion on it . Succes be within a society normally a well conscructed and established value . every value consist normally of an imagination of distinctive goal . instead succes itself be not adequate to a construct goal but need to be construct by each community of people . within Western country who share the same principle of economy and society succes can be define as earn a lot of money , have a family or simply be happy , whatever this would say . now my perspective focusses on the economic perspective by earn a lot of money and therefore I definite succes by it . by stretch the economic face of succes I need to differentiate between new product and well establish product . new product be normally accompagnied by a big amount of risk and also by a large scale of innovativity than established product be . the example of franchise work on earlier this TOEFL fit quite well . it be relatively easy to buy the right of a huge company like Burger King and to produce its product but it also highlight the limitation of own freedom to establish something own . while start his proper buisness be relatively costly for oneself and be follow by the incertainity of acceptance of the product , it let some room for creativity and personality . additionally new innovative product could be sell for high price . nevertheless it could n't be deny that you can earn money with both possibility . perhaps it ' S not really a question of succes in this case , but of make it a special way . for my conclusion I emphasize on the hope of everyone to have succes that lead people to start something new and innovative against all odd . this hope might be imaginative but lead researcher to new invention and at all humanity to progress . so it would be necessary for humanity but not for economic succes at a short range . by use well establish practice you can suceed too and by stretch on the example of new product you need an etablished name to sell product well . therefore it ' s the mixture of both , risk and new way as well as well establish way that lead to overall success , for individual , enterprise and humanity . 	GER
travel be an impotant part of life . rarely there be a person who do not travel or do not like to travel . I think that a person should travel in group , by this a person can have more security . if a person travel in a group of his friend or family member and they be visit to some new place they will need a guide . guide can tell us the historical importance of the place we be visit to . as the guide know all the area and place of interest so he can guide us well . also if we be visit to a place where there be different type of language use , guide can act as an interpreter . so I be fully agrre with the idea of travel in a group lead by guide . first reason that why I be in the favour of tour guide be that the guide can tell us the importance of that place in detail , which otherwise we cant get enough through other source like book etc. for instance last year me and my friend visit some historical place in India like Agra , Delhi and Jaipur but we people do n't think like hire a guide , so v face much problem over there . second reason in favour of hire a tourist guide be that the guide be well know to the area where we be visting and he know very well about the other place which we have not hear earliar . so he can make our travel experience more interesting by introduce us to the new place . another important reason that I be in the favour of tour guide be that we can easily come over the language problem if we be visit a place with different language . for example if we be visit European country than we might encounter with the language problem over there . and we can come across the difficulty of interact with people . a tour guide can act as an interpreter between us and the people of the other region we be visit to . To summarize , the good way to travel be in group lead by tourist guide , so that we can come to know in detail about the place we be visit to , we can enhance our experience by introduction of new place and we can handle the situation of language problem and last but not the least by travel in a group we can have a sense of security . 	HIN
most advertisement make product seem good than they really be . this remind me of an incident which occur only a few day ago . I be out shop with my friend and i be on the look out for a new mobile phone which i have fall in love with as soon as i see it on my television screen one fine morning . I have vow to buy that mobile phone whatever be the consequence . this action can be appraise by the fact that the phone look really cute in the advertisement and it boast of many feature as well . this phone be the ultimate gadget for any teenager . but i have the ultimate shock when i see the same mobile phone in the mall . it do not look as cute as it do in the ad , for one thing , and it do not seem to have as many feature as it do in the ad . the ad be an illustration of what be define as cheap publicity . the phone have be wrongly display and if it be not for my trust-worthy friend , I would have buy it with all the love i previously have for it and then would have end up as the loser , disappoint as well . most advertisement seem to display product in such a way that the consumer would fall in love with the product just by view the advertisement . this can result in serious damage of the customer ' trust in advertisement as well as in the manufacturer of that particular product . the consumer will be heart-broken when they come home and realise that the product , with which they be previously so in love , have really let them down , quality-wise . the advertiser or the manufacturer be hood-winking the consumer into buy their product at high price , ensure profit for themselves , but break the trust of the consumer nonetheless . the advertisement should be more realistic and they should not display something which the consumer may not find in the product later . the advertiser should only advertise those charactertistics of the product which actually exist and serve a purpose . not the characteristic that ought to be in a product . if the advertiser be so keen on advertise such characteristic they should suggest to the manufacturer to actually integrate these characteristic into the product and then advertise them so they would not be cheat the customer but actually show a true , realistic picture . 	TEL
I agree with the fact that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be , but the fact be that people be afected when be not aware of this . also I understand that although there be some regulation obout this topic the mean to make it work be not as hard as they should . be truth that marketing use strategy like give misinformation about a product or try to convice us that their product be what we need to solve our problem or just to make us happy . but it could be a real problem like in a medical example , some vitamin suplements be announce to be all we need if we feel tired or weak , but the people who make the publicity do not care or inform consummers about the risk of do not go toa medical check when these synthoms be present . also there be docummentated case of people who stop take their medication or cutted their medical treatment because of use a new product see on TV . another example could be the resistance of a ladder or a new kind tool , because the client could be expect that this tool or appliance have a certain lasting , when the real thing be that it be go to break even put in danger his life . as a final conclution or a personal peace of advice . I think that even though company have the necesitty to increase their profit they also should have a social conscience . that be to say be more concern about the responsability of lie or misinformate about the feature of a product . and this do not mean that the client should leave everything in the hand of the enterpices , but be more concern about the posibility of be buying something which be not what he be expect . 	SPA
I agree , because people start to think car cost money and polute enviroment and their own health problem now . cause of bad enviroment , a lot of people have disease , like cancerand especially lung disease . it come from not enough exirsise and air polution . Thesedays , more and more people take care about their health problem and they know that car make thier health worse . also people start to care protect nature : ozon hall , air polution come from car emission . car cost too much money , people keep gasoline in car , and prise of gasoline get high . they have to renew car insurense every few year . they have to keep thire own parking . have a car mean cost money evry day . they want to save money , and it be easy to use train or bus or bycicle instead of car . use a another transportation be much easy than car . especially train be more quick and cheap . about @card@ year ago , it be a statas have own car . however , now be natural be one of trend . I t si thougt Cool ! also have a car that make people non-active person . Ameria be the good example , most of American go to office or school by car . it make American pepole fat and fat . I know the good way to solve all of these problem . we have to walk our own leg . do not rely on car so much . 	JPN
although young peolpe be more outgoing than old people , I do not agree with this statement . old people be mostly retire and have much more time and money to go on trip and travel to other countrys . young people on the other hand have to learn often and do not have that much money to travel a lot . but they be more interested in discover new countrys and make new experience . in comparison , old people already have a lot of experience and they often , just want to visite place where they have be before rather than go on exit trip . however , old peole often have problem with their health and therefore they be not as flexible as young people be . young people can do whatever they want , whithout think about their health . old people therefore be more interested in their own family , which be often the most important topic in their life . and to my opinion it be far good to see your own grantchildren grow up than go into disco and stay up all night , what a lot of young people do . To sum up the main point , I do not think that young people enjoy their life more than old people do , because there be so many thing that old people can do which young can not do . To my opinion old people enjoy their life different than young people do , but there be no good way . 	GER
it have be long discuss if it be more important for student to understand idea amd concept than it be for them to learn fact . I disagree with the statement that it be more important for student to understanding idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . fact be the thing that we see that be virtue and use as the basic of the idea and concept . you can hardly tell weather the concept and the ideal be true or false , because everyone have his or her owe observation . we know know that neithergh the earth nor the Sun be the certal of the universe , but most of the people believe that the concept that the earth be the certail of the univese . also concept s and ideal always determine our own thought and lead it to the wronf or even opposite way , and take us far away from the truth . it be widely know that the reaserches of the brain cell have not make any progress for year since the sicentists use their concept and ideal out of date to anylses the brain cell . this concept that every kind of brain cell use the electrocity to transfer their signal make them totally ignore the importance of the other cell . the last but not the least the fact not only provide us the matereals to observe but also function as the inspiration of the sicentists . by learn the fact we can thinking in our own way and then leart to select the good way of thinkin . as we know that man must suffer to be wise . if you suffer from your own thinking and figue out what the fact reflect , you will finally be able to handle the problem that you will face . by this way people become much more matrue , and know the essential of life which do not have the concept of how to live in a good life . 	CHI
today advertisement can convice consumer that every kind of product be the good one and that you ca n't live without it . there be a lot of tecniques that make a product irresistible for consumer . but be always true that all advertised product be so good like it seem to be ? I think be not : they seem much good than they really be . last week I buy an apple pie that I see on a television spot . in the image report on tv it seem realy testy and healthy , but when I eat it , it be not so good and I get sick . I could n't sleep all night long . in my opinion it would be good for food or dress company to spend their budjet improve the quality of their product or decrease the price instead of invest it on advertisement . the problem be that business rule be different from what be good for the people . but something have to be do . I think that certification of qulity be a very good investment for the company to show the real value of their product end in the same time a good way for consumer to verify the quality of what they be buy and choice good between different brand . 	ITA
nowadays , purchase behavior be more and more influence by the advertisement . there be advertisement on TV , newspaper , radio , Internet and street . these advertisement may guide us on how to buy a product . it be hard to imagine a life without advertisement . do these advertisement always play a positive role on us ? I be afraid that I can not agree . there be too many advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . the advertisement will make the product very attractive , so people will buy more and more product under this motive ; however after purchasing , people find that the product be not as effective as it be advertise . the reason be that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . for example , there be many medicine advertisement state that the medicine will soothe pain and cure disease very quickly . people suffer from pain and disease will buy the medicine becuase they believe what be promote in the advertisement . these medicine advertisement have exaggerate the fact . even though you follow the rule , the medicine will not solve your problem as easily as it be state . further more , in order to attract more and more audience to buy the product , the advertisement may even provide false information to make product seem well . I have hear too many storey from my friend that they purchase high price cosmetic after see advertisement . when they try on the cosmetic , it do not improve the situation at all , some may even harm their skin . I have to say that these advertisement be not responsible at all . they only show us the good example , but do not explain the product in a moderate and correct way . I do not deny the fact that there may be some advertisement truly show and promote the product , but I think the number be pretty less . most of the advertisement appear not as good as they really be . 	CHI
have a Broad Knowledge of Many Academic SUBJECTS , Or SPECIALIZING in ONE SPECIFIC SUBJECT ? have broad knowledge of many academic subject can make the student know a little of every subject but it wo n't get focus on a specific subject . specialize in one specific subject can make the student know everything in one subject but wo n't make them know almost anything about other subject . people choose job and they only have to know all the information about that specific subject that they work on . they be n't responsible to know information about any other subject . these way the distrubition of job be form . although this way job distrubitions be form , know everything about one subject can make people boring . know a little about every subject make people open minded and more interesting . they can look at the world at different angle and since human be social living , a little color into everyone ' S life be need . if people only know about one topic and have no idea about any other topic , everybody would be boring . people would only make friend with people of the same job type because they would have no common subject with people of other job type . if the people know a little of everything and do not focus on one topic , then everybody would have to do all of its work itself and no job distribution would be make . also subject like science , history , geography , surgery , etc . . would not go alot of distance because nobody would be work on mainly one topic . this way new invention and explorements would not be make . in the conclusion , I think only focus on one subject and not know anything about other topic , also know a little of every topic and not focus on one be both bad but if I have to choose one , I would say that specialize in one specific subject be well than have a broad knowledge of many academic subject because this way the standard of life do not decrease , only people get more boring and have friend only of their own area of knowledge , but by have a broad knowledge of many academic subject make the life standard decrease . 	TUR
in our era , the value of everything be evaluate by its image create in the mind of humankind . the most popular technique of create the desire image be use marketing methodology . One of the most valid and prevailing marketing tactic be advertise . some faction think that advertisement have the power to make product seem good than they be really , while the other faction assert that it be impossible to make a product seem well by make customer deceive thank to lot of legal legislation and institutional control . however , to me , both side can be correct in different condition . first , not all the country have law and legislation for broadcast fair advertisement that reflect the product just like as it be . in that case , producer can make his product seem more qualify in the advertisement . To illustrate , the cream use for decoration locate on top of cake . in the advertisement , the manufacturer can use shaving cream instead of cake cream in order to benefit from shaving cream ' S durability and viscosity , be there not any regulation about the ethic that should be conduct in the advertisement . because they have the same color , nobody can distinguish the shaving cream that be display in the advertisement as the cake cream from normal cake cream , and all advertisement viewer would probably think that it be a marvellous brand to buy compare to other as no normal cake cream can seem of such good shape and durability . as a result , if there be no legal stimulus for advertisement , with the help of spurious counterpart , the product may be demonstrate as more qualified . however , if there be enough legislation for advertising procedure in a country , it be impossible to guile the customer by give false information about product or use a counterfeit product , as the manufacturer be aware of the fact that he will be punish by the law , if he even tempt to do it . for instance , in the USA , if a producer want an actor to give a testimony for his product , it be a must that the actor should use the product for 6 month before the advertisement . in summary , in the advertisement it be quite possible to make the product seem more qualified than it be if there be no law about that . so more law should be accept in that issue . 	TUR
so different be the personal experience and emotional among people with diverse culture that thousand individual might hold thousand opinion . as far as I be concern , I generally agree with the assertion that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . first of all , one of the central reason that can be present my position be the thing have be do by the successful people take long time experience to make it good . example can easily be find to support my view . the most famous inventor , Edison , he invent light in very early period . however , he do n't spend time on how to improve his invention well . after long time of life experience , other improve the light well , such as the clour and the use time . under the circumstance , successfull people try new thing and take risk be much good in addition , another equally crucial aspect be that a new thing ' S come out can increase the possibility of other relate new product ' invention . this example can tell it right . the light come out soon after the discover of electrcity , because these two invention have something in common or relation . as a result , the siccessful people always succeed in make list of new thing after they make one . this can demonstrate beyond any doubt that successful people should keep on go , but stay behind . however , I dont want to overstate the advantage of my agreement , since it also still suffer from some comparative merit in some sperical case . firstly , when people try to invent new thing , it take long time to reach the achivement . Seconly , To sum up , accord to above mention reason and example , successful people should try new thing and take risk become more convincing to me , although it have some own negative aspect which we can not deny . 	CHI
I agree with the statement as it be true that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . the producer be use the late trend of marketting , advertising and promote their product . some of the common method use be - promotion , Product Launch Offers , Door to Door selling , Discounts etc.allt hese method motivate the consumer to purchase these good without even know what the good be actually make out of or what be the good actual function . advertisement make the product look really appeal and user friendly . for example an add for a car would usually include the car speed away really fast and about the interior technology and luxury of the car . but what the add do not tell the consumer be that speed away cause accident , Technology advance everyday , etc . a good add should be plan in a manner to show the use of the car that be how can it help not only you but other people aswell or even the environment . if the add for the car display the comfort , the space available in the car , etc it would be more usefull for the people . advertising be take over the marketting sector tremendously . add in form of banner , flyer , stall etc be provide all the information to the people and these method make sure that the consumer look at the product ina apositive manner . usually the quality , functioning and look of a product be quite different from what they appear on an add and this make the consumer suffer . some of the add provide us with the information we dont need and some of them diplay material which offend people culturaly , religiously or make them feel at a low status in the society . example - an add for an underwear would display the man wear it and run behind a horse which be not true . I conclude this essay in regard to ensure people that they be aware of what they consume and how be it gonna affect them or other or wether it would still be of any help for the consumer in the future . 	HIN
I do n't agree to the statement . I love to travel alone . there be some difference between travel alone and travel in a group lead by a tour guide . first , I think that a travel must be free . if I have an oppotunity to my trip , the place I want to go be n't same with my friend or whole group member . join the group and ledding by a tour guide make it impossible to go to the place where I want to go . a tour be a thing which go only to the place where someone select before start . second , I think that a travel should be flexible . you may want to go many place like the place you see from a train window , or you find a place where do n't print on your guide book . To change the route from you thougut before your trip be one of preasures of travel . in the end , I think a travel give a chance to meet new friend . I do n't t need group member because i can find a new friend who have same opottunity with me . if I have a question , there be someone who have a lot of knowledge about there . so , I think the good way to travel be go alone . 	JPN
in my opinion the stated argument be right and the amount of car will decrease during the next twenty year . there be many alternative to use a car , there will not be enough space on the rout for all those car . in addition I be sure that there will be certain law in the future to keep the amount of car at a certain level . today one can use the train , a ship , a plan or even the public transport systen to reach diffgerent place . those alternative will become more attractive because of technological progress which will finally make the use cheap . many people in Germany for example prefer to take the train because it be more convinient and it be sure to arrive on time . furthermore the oil price increase during the last year and a change can not be see . the industry react to this problem by build engine which need less petrol but because of the eclectronical equipment the sum of needed petrol could not be reduce . another argument be that city will become more overcroweded and there will not be enough space for new car . for example in Japan be not enough space for new building and the street have reach a critical size which can not be enlarge . One solution be that people just share car to to go to work . and finaly there will be certain law to keep the amount of car on a certain level . the world have many problem with pollution and governmants just start for example to introduce special law in the faster growing economy . by do this the state want that industry and common people pay more attention to their use of energy . if this group change its behaviour one consequence could be that less new car will be buy . in conlusion this be my three main argument why there will be few car in @card@ year . 	GER
in this fashion era , people usually want to try diverse new thing such as food , technology , and clothing . successful people normally will try new thing and take risk rather than just only do what they already know . this be why some investor be so successful in nowadays . people would love to try product and style which they have never see rather than just repeat the same idea over and over again . investor usually try to make high profit of business . in order to let the customer feel different , the company need to keep change . if a company sell housing technologys such as freezer and microwave , and suddenly it start to produce cell phone and computer . customer will have such a different impression rapidly about the company since they think the company only sell housing technology . buyer now will not need to run to couple different place to buy freezer and computersIf if they want to buy it at the same time . businessman should also love to take risk . risk do not necessary mean an hurmful thing . people who be willing to take the risk will most likely to achieve success . creative work can open customer ' S mind . we will never know what customes want . if buyer be suprise by the company , he definetly will have a excellent impression about the company . for example , clothing , the designer sometimes need to take the risk if they have a very different idea what to design . the designer be not sure whether the audience and buyer will like it . even if they do not like it , at least he try . Two common method should be use in order to achieve success : try new thing and take risk . we can find out from almost every single great investor around the world . without these method , they will probably not be as successful as they be today . 	CHI
One of the major problem of ` homo-urbanis ' , that be , the human being living in urban area , be transportation . with each day , our road be become cram with an increase number of car and our air be infuse with high density of vehicular pollution . obviously there be a limit to how much our infrastructure can support . What happen when there be so many car on the road that there be no more place to move ? that be a rather scary vision . however , it may well be that the number of car on the road twenty year from now will actually be less than what it be today . be n't that a rather exaggerated claim ? after all , even if the world population stabilize as the estimate have indicate , it will still be much large than what it be today . and with increase economic prosperity , more and more people can be expect to own more and more car . True . however , if the current trend be any clue , the number of car should nevertheless reduce . first of all , many country , especially develop nation with large population , be rapidly develop their public transport system to tackle the problem of urban transportation . public transport system be not only more cost effective , they also ensure a good quality of live by eliminate traffic jam and exposure to vehicular pollution . therefore , it will not really be surprising if more and more people take to public transport as the primary means of move about . second , fuel price be expect to rise heavily in next twenty year as world oil reserve get delpleted . in such a scenario , it will be much more economical for people to use public transportation system . such trend be already show in country like India . the Delhi Metro be a success story that well illustrate the point . with high quality service available at low price , even the rich and affluent of Delhi prefer to keep their car at home and use the Metro when they need to travel to the crowded area of the city . Rapid Bus Transit Systems introduce in city like Indore and Bhopal be become increasingly popular amongst citizen . thus , the day may not be far when you might be the only person drive on the road ! in fact , if one want a good quality of live for one and all , one should actually hope that it happen . 	HIN
most people think that enjoyment come from experience , but in my opinion , when we first experience something we enjoy it more . there be a saying that a thing be attractive untill you get it , in other word , when you wish for something and do not get it easily , you be more keen to get it . after get that thing , you loose your interest in it . this be the human nature . so the meaning be that young people enjoy their life more than old , because they experience thing for very first time . I also agree with this opinion that young person enjoy life more than old people . To support my opinion , firstly , I would like to disscuss the tendency or the nature of youngers . first of all , they be very curious about new thing . they want to explore everything regardless of danger associate with it . for example , when I be a kid , I be always curious about parachute , and one day what happen , I just jump from my roof top with an umbrella . at that time I do not know , what be fear . so meaning be that , you can not expect this kind of absurd behavior from an old person . even , if an old person do not know the harm associate with the task , he/she might not take risk . secondly , youth do not care for moral value , whereas old people do follow them strictly . from their experience of life , senior people know the value of ethic and would like to follow always . on the other hand , teenager be unlikely to follow the moral value , or they follow reluctantly . thirdly , in my opinion , you can enjoy the life if you do n't have restriction on you activity . old people have resposibilities towards society , as well as towards their own family . while youngers be free to do whatever they want . for an instance , I like to dance publically , and I do whenever I get chance to do it . but I know some old people can not do it because first they think about other opinion such as , what would the society think , or what would be the impact on child . last but not the least , young people be always open to new idea or culture , while old people have narrow mind . it be easy for a young to adapt a new culture in order to learn it . on the other hand , senior person be rigid to their own culture in order to preserve it . conclusion be that , although it be true that old people enjoy life base on their own life time experience , I strongly hold the view that youngers enjoy the life more than them . the main reason be , will to explore new thing , no responsibility , less regard for value or ethic , and more energy to enjoy life . 	HIN
during almost @card@ year , I study many course and I know the good way to learn . so what I be sure about : the idea be the most important thing to understand than the fact . I will explain this in two general part : the first part will be about the idea that a fact be one example of the idea ; and the second one will deal with the fact that we can easier an idea than a fact . so first , it be obvious that the idea be most important thing to understand because the fact be just some case of the main idea . usually , during the class , the teacher try to explain us an example which permit to understand the idea . for example , to well understand the idea that people be calm when they listen music , it ' S to give the example that in many medical room , we can hear some classical or jazz music . but it be not the point expect to learn . thus , this be something we can use to well understand something else . when we try to make our own opinion , we use the idea memorise to think . in this important case , we can see why it be so more important to learn the idea than the fact . if we continue with our previous example , what do we think about the importance of music in the world ? To answer , we could select the idea that Music calm people and we could use it to conclude that without music , there will might be more war in the World , and so , most of the population of the earth will be sad . it be in this way I see the importance of the idea . as I prove in this response , to well learn , we have to more concentrate on the idea than on the fact . but the fact be need to understand the idea . so , in the perfect case , we would care about idea as well as fact . 	FRE
I agree with the statement that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today for the follow reaons . first , I believe that the government of many country in the world be recently begin to restrict the use of car because of their several serious problem . for example , car emit carbon monoxide when they burn gasoline , which be poisonous to people , animal and plant . in addition , car also emit caron dioxide which be responsible for the greenhouse effect . second , the government also restrict the use of vehicle due to fear to depletion of natural resource , especially petroleum . that valuable natural resource be necessary for vehicle to move -- i.e. , to burn gasoline . in addition , it be necessary to manufacture vehicle . for example , the process of manufacturing car need high temperature which be give by petroleum . moreover , car use plastic as part thereof , and needless to say , plastic be produce from petroleum . in addition , accord to medias and recent official report by United Nations , the government of many country in the world be not only begin to restrict the use of car , but also try to find alternative transportaions which do not have problem which car have . for example , in my nation , Japan , the govenment have be invest in the research for commercialize of the ` ` linear motor car ' ' . it move by energy of magnetts , so that do not emit any poisonous gas . expert estimate that the linear motor car will be use more popurarly in @card@ year . therefore , I agree the opinion that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today for there reason . 	JPN
I mainly agree with that statement . but it be important in which relationship this statement have to bee see . I think for example that it be correct if it be relate to language . it be obvious good to speak a little bit of English , French , german and Italian than only one of them perfectly . concern the profession I have to disagree with the statement . in today ' s economic situation it be good to be specify . the unemployment be so high that it be possible to be well educate but yet unemployed if you be not specialize enough . on the other hand a broad knowledge of many acadamic subject can be good , if you have to manage for example your own firm and can not rely on other specialist . it be important to notice that a broad knowledge be the base for further knowledge in these area . so if you do not have any variety of knowledge it be much hard to gain experience in those unrevealed area . especially in the actual situation it be important to be flexible and to be willing to keep on learn during your whole lifetime . if you be a specialist in one certain subject you probably would not be willing to listen to more actual information because of your status as specialist . it clearly depend on one ' S character but my oppinion be , that specialization be minor in contrast to a broad knowledge of many subjets . as I state above the base be the most important thing . afterwards there be still time to specialize certain subject in which you be interested in . if you do not know all the possibility you can not be sure have choose the right way . I would prefer a broad knowledge because then I stil have all possibility . if I specialize and choose wrong , I would be dissapointed . you do not know how the future will be that be why specialization be such a dangerous thing . it be good to be eventually less qualify in a lot of subject than to be specialize in one which no one need . so in general I would agree with the statement . specialization come after the broad base of many academic subject . 	GER
although fact provide a clear and good opinion for a particular subject but personally i think that to understand the basic concept and the main idea behind the subject be much well as compare to simply know the fact . so i agree with the statement that it be more important to understnd idea and concept then merely learn the fact . as we see that student in their school or college perform much good when they understand the concept well and have a clear idea of the subject that be be teach . they never have to cram the thing when the basic concept be clear in their mind . also they never forget that thing for the entire life . know the fact may fetch them good mark but they forget the subject within a short span of time . secondly , the worker in an office show much good performance when they understand the basic concept and the main idea behind the project they be work on . simply know the fact would not generate an effective result . so in order to get a good promotion they have to learn the concept well so that they perform well . like in today world one must have the idea and concept of a computer to perform well in office or in his or her job . thirdly , it be very important for a player of any game to know the basic concept of the game rather then the fact . when i learened to play football my coach tell me the main concept behind the game and hence i play the game well . simply know the fact about football can not make me a good player . thus we see that how know the concept and the basic idea behind a subject be much good than by simply know the fact . 	HIN
in my opinion there be no single correct answer to this question . of course both way can lead to success . my main reasoning be that it depend on the path one want to follow whether an academic specialization make sense or not . my aim be to explain this argument in the follow sentence by look at the broad academic field of business . in Switzerland , a master student can choose whether he want to specialize in one specific subject - as finance - or to keep his focus on a broad approach which include subject such as marketing , human resource , finance , strategic management , risk management , leadership . To illustrate my hypothesis mention above I will now have a look at two different job within a company . a general manager and his management team need not to be specialize in one specific subject as they have to address problem of many different field - such as leadership issue , marketing decision and financial topic . an important aspect in the job of a manager be the need to quickly decide on many different issue . thus a broad education be actually an advantage . an employee in the financial sector such as in a bank do not need to have such a broad knowledge . rather it be essential that he possess in-depth knowledge of the transaction within the sector and on the sector itself . the job requirement be much more focus . rather than just know little about everything it be advisable to have a solid knowledge of this special topic - and finance for example be actually still a rather broad subject . but of course it be needless to say that knowledge be allways an added asset . however one have to decide first which path will be choose in order to be able to make a sound decision whether an academic specialization make sense . 	GER
One for all and all for one , each one have the right to be in a society , and involve in a community , and be a part of it , and every part of the community have to build it up . every person in the community have to work for acheiving the community ' S golas , he should give effort to reach these goal , by improve there society they improve themselves , everyone should share in help the community , every thinkinful person have to encourage and motivate other people to help in anyway , as an example : everyone who can pay from his extra money . be pay for a charity for help poor young people to learn in shool , to prevent food for them , home , maybe clothes , young people might not be able to pay money , they might be able to do some job , such as teach the young kid , babysit for the baby , make food , gather thing , maybe if they arrange certain day for make certain activity , like the clean day or week , which everyone in a certain age have to come and share in the cleaning . young people have to improve their skill and themselves , by reading , learn , escpically the third world countrie ' S people , they have to raise up their country and community , young people might do meeting for discuss what to do for improve their society and their community , I think there be many idea in order to make young people do somethings to their community they have to give some effort to them , I admit that if young people do something , they will do it in perfect way that lead their community for be build up and improve , and at last the one should never forget what his community do for him and try to pay it back and work for it 	ARA
I agree in part with the statement that the ` ` young people enjoy life more than old people do ' ' . the statement state by the author seem to be correct at some situation and prove to be wrong at other situation make this statement as debatable . I will give some example to prove my point in this essay . the statement of author mention ` ` enjoyment of life ' ' . this term be very relative in respect of people . every person try to live his life colourfully in his own way . if enjoy mean party then it may be possible that young people be do more frequently than old people but when it come to celebrate then old people be not step back from the young generation . I do agree sometimes because young generation be have good and suitable condition for the time to enjoy . young people be enthusiastic , active and have energy to enjoy the sport event by play and cheer , they be very eager to explore the new place . young people have interest for movie go for it whenever they get time , they go for picnic to have a change and the thing that generally many young people enjoy that be to dance continuously for hour . they enjoy various food of different taste at many of the time . this can be term as enjoyment . if we accept the author statement then it would be like that old people be not enjoy but carry thier life ahead only . the thing which be do by young generation be be do by old generation earlier and thus they lose the charm in those thing and they be not have enough strength to do the same thing continously . but they be enjoy in different manner , sit on a chair take sunbath , read newspaper and give advice to young generation . they be not able to taste various food because of their physical condition but even take that food by hide from other people . they be the leader of the house , they be have certain responsibility to be take care of . this can also be term as enjoyment but of some different kind . in Sum we can say this point be quite debatable and need to do sampling of people and other technique to reach some conclusion . 	HIN
in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . I agree with this statement . the reason be simple . now there be too muche pollution . if we want to save the world we must reduce the pollution and one way be the reduction of the car in use . we must implement ecological alternative . Earth be collapse , too much pollution . One of the most important factor of high pollution be the presence of many car . car be becomed a mass way of transport and in many city it be use in the wrong way , for example one car be use only by one man instead of three or four . we must change that . it be not difficult . we must improve our behevior toward ecologic problem . One way for example be use public transport . by use pubblic transport there will bw few car in use . few car in use mean less pollution . I ' m sure that be one of the reason that there will be few car in use in twenty year . I see a world in the future with less car , less pollution , more attention to the environment . I can see happy kid in big city park , run and scream , people with large smile on its face . May be it be only a dream , may be it be only a hope , it must be our future . change way of life be difficult and it have high cost but surely this be the straight way to follow . 	ITA
no wonder young people enjoy life more than old people . in my opinion , in the early age people can do lot of thing easily without worring anything . they just decide and enjoy what they do . I agree that young people have more chance to enjoy life for the follow reason : have less dependency than old people , and the desire of learn new information and have experience . first , young people have less dependency such as look after someone , the need of earn money or health issue - obstacle for travel country - than old people have . young people be able to travel different country easily without think anybody stay back like child . for example , my parent have three child include me . if they want to travel to Spain during the rest of their time , they can not leave their child because child need to be look after . in this case , young people who do not have any child can easily go for travel . moreover , young people usually want to learn and gain a lot of different kind of experience during their early age . I can remember , when my brother be nineteen he use to go to music festival , theathers , and travel a lot . basically , he enjoy a lot because he have time , sufficent amount of money and energy . also , he could easily adapt difficult condition whatever he face with . I can not imagine that old people join a party and a boat trip at the same day . in conclusion , old people and young people can not be compare ehether young people enjoy the life more than old people or not . so basically , young people should be aware of their opportunity in order to enjoy the time . 	TUR
every one in this world like to travel . travel teach you a new thing and make you sometimes feel well . there be a lot of people like to travel as a group . maybe because there be go to a new place and no one no about it , then they decide to have tour guide . I am agree with a tour guide for three reason . first of all , you can find very good tourism place . for example , if you go to any city and you do n't about it any thing if you have a tour guide , he will show every thing . in addition , he have more experience than you because his city . there be no tourism can know your city more than you . second , you will never get lose that mean you will not lose more time . as an example , I and my friend go to Los Angles , and we do n't know anything about this ; however , we lose 3 hour look for our hotel . on the other hand , if we have a tour guide , we would n't lose all that time . third , get yourself away from dengerous place . every huge city have dengerous place , if you do n't where be they , you will but yourself in denger . for instance , there be many crime these day , you have to be becarful if you to city be not your city , but if you with a group and you have a tour guide maybe be good for you . in sammury , I suggest thet every one want to travel to have 	ARA
I believe the statement which tell ` ` it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject ' ' because more knowledge youhave , more job you can get , and sometimes broad knowledge make you become more trustful person after the graduation from the university because people be tend to trust a person who have more knowledge than they do . if person have broad knowledge , it will make people around you to be more unitize , and it will make this person as a great leader . for example , I trust the person who have more knoeledge than I do . my football coach have a lot of experience than I do because he play football in NFL for 4 year . because of he have more professional skill and knowledge , everybody trust him . then I realize that the more knowledge you have more trust you get from other people . the trust unit the team , and it make a team stronger . it be not only for sport , this statement fit in the company too . if you have trustful boss , your company will unit more than have a untrustful boss . however , broad knowledge make change of your surrounding , and it also help to be a great leader . because of people be tend to believe a person who have more knowledge than they do , the broad knowledge will be need by a person who like to have a lot of frineds around you . the people who have a lot of kind friend always have broad knowledge . they have friend who be good at history , math , computer , and sport because the people who have a lot of friend have a lot of connection between these kind of people . without any connection , nobody want to be a friend because they will not have a topic that they be go to talk about . however the broad knowledge be need to make a lot of friend who will support your life after the gruduation . it be good to learn a lot of academic subject before you graduate from university because it will help you after the schoollife . 	JPN
in today modern life every individual want to understand and capability to estimate the idea and concept of the other person . by which he improvise his idea and overcome withbetterideas than the other person . so I agree with the statement that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . I would like to support this statement for follow reason . first , by understand the idea and concept we get the clear image on the aspect . for example if we be study a particular subject . in that subject it be impportant for us to identify the main idea of the topic and the concept involve in that particular topic . by simply learn the subject without understand the concept then it will be mystery for us that subject even if we spend lot of time on that . second , by understand the idea and concept we be able to know how to live in the society . that mean we be capable how to deal with the problem and our colliques . for example if we want to ride a car , we must first understand the idea and concept that mean how to start the car , how to accelerate , how to move an gear . by understand all these and thes if we practice then it will be easy for to ride the car , not only just learning help us . third , when we find out with new software or subject , it will be good for u sif we have understand the main idea and waht be the improvement ovewr previous one then these softwartes will be useful fo us . consequently the conclusion be that we must learn fact and we must also understand the idea and concept what we learn then only it will be useful for us . simply learning will not help us 	TEL
I think that in twenty year there will be fly car ! today the car be become a status symbol , there be n't a family without a car , but the problem be that there be a lot of people who prefere to have a beautiful car than a sweet home . the famous sentence ` ` home sweet home ' ' be in danger because be not more at the first place of the desire . a car be the symbol of a generation , our parent remember their first car like a realize dream , today the guy want a car because the good friend have one and not because they understand the real meaning that it can have . I think that in twenty year this object of desire will be more wanted , more desire and more dangerous . . . there be just now a lot of car that ride too fast , in the twenty ' S it will be certainly worst . today young people die because they can drive car that run very fast , tomorrow they will can fly . I hope it will be different . at my grandfather ' s time the car be a luxury good because he cold n't have one . a car be a lot of money and when there be the war money be ghost . in the sixty some people like Corradino d'Ascanio create a way to help these person to discover the world : Vespa . this have be a real status symbol thank to the great meaning it have . ` ` with Vespa you can fly ' ' and with this beginning , motor become the most important thing for people . in the sixty it be possible to fly away , tomorrow it will be possible too ? it ' S important to be free , with a car I can be free because I can go wherever I want . for this reason there be the few car . a few that will never pass . 	ITA
I agree with the statement and I do think understanding idea and concept be really important for student . and I have three reason . first , it ' S quite necessary to understand the idea and knowledge when student first learn them . in this way they learn more effectively than simply memorize the fact we come across . also , a good understanding of the knowledge would help student recall what they learn before . if the study be all about recite and memorize , there would be not a good student than a computer . second , as my teacher always tell me that student should learn ` ` how to learn ' ' , rather than gain the knowledge only . and believe that ' s the real purpose of education , to teach the student how to think and solve new problem they will meet in the future . my high school could be a bad example . when I study there , although my teathers tell me it be important to know how to learn , care too much about memorize . it be indicate in the exam . in order to get a good mark of the examination , all we should do be to copy the fact into our mind . What ' s worse , the process of study be so fast that we could n't have time to have a good thinking about the idea . as a result , I only can remember a few of the thing I learn from the high school textbook now . in addition , to understand and take a deep thinking of what we learn be the way how we ' ve develop our culture from the very beginning ! it ' s the way we gain the knowledge from the people before and create new idea of our own . image if all the student do n't learn how to understand and how to think deeply , how would be the future society like ? ! in a word , the way I see it , it ' S not only important but also fairly necessary for student to understand idea and think more about what they learn . 	CHI
I think the statement be to absolute . I remeber when i be young , there where not that much possibility to help the community and they where also not attractive to young people . there be also a big difference where you live . in large city there be not that many community you can evolve like they be in small village or small town . another point be the fact that nowadays young people have a lot more to do and not that much time like it be year ago . they have to go to school or learn a lot and most young people have to work besides their school to earn money to life . if they already have a job besides school they propably will not take a community job without get pay . they do not have the time and the money to help the community . work in the community have also advantage wich most young people do not know about . a community job integrate you in your environment if you be new . it can also help you to find friend , or the community help you if you get a problem . it also can give you social hold if you do not know what to do or have no other thing in you live . it be a good way for old people who do not have to work anymore to get a job for their live . and to get integrated in their social envionment . but in my oppinon it be true , young people do not give enough time to their community . even if it be not the same that it be year ago . the most important point be the social contact they get in their community . 	GER
when it come to learn fact , some people argue that it be easy way to understand some method . personally , I think that student be need to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . this be because understanding idea and concept widen people intellectual and people can use these idea more practical way . first of all , student can broaden their intellectual horizon by understanding idea and conceps . in the case of learn fact , it be obvious that help people recognize some physical thing . however , these facial and physical thing only allow student to learn those fact . this would limit people ' S imagination that they can not undertand above thing such as use other field . for example , one of the most famous scientist in Korean , Ho Jin Moon , once say that when he be young , he have toughted by teacher who just convey fact information to student . his parent think that these method would restrict thier son ' s understanding so that they move America . at there , he could take more idea base education and when he grow up , he return to mother nation and have eagared to disffutes idea and concept base education . he argue that by take this education student can undertants more in-depts knowleges . on top of that , people can use thier knowledge in practical way . in today ' S society , people be bind and drive hectic schedule , this hectic atmosphere make people only focus on the fact so that they can not use thier knowleges only in few field . however , the basic idea and concept in education be like each other . especially in science , if they undertand this basic concept , learn scientific concept be more easy . To demonstrate , accord to a study release by the Korean National Research Center , more than two third of survey scientist responsed that understanding idea and concept more important because by do this , student can like thier knowledge not only thier major field , but also the other silimal scientific field . they say that electronic science can be useful in manufactualing engineering so that studnets who major engineering be need to understand electronic sciendce basically . in conclusion , I strongly believe that student should focus on understanding idea and concept dut to they can widen their intelectuals horizon and 	KOR
it be true that there be many reason such as increase number of use public transportaion that support decline of car supply . however I have other opinins why there will be more car on the road instead of decline . first people try to have their own car personally , not one in a family . in family , for exaple , father need his car to go his workplace . mother need her car to go her workplace . even though she do not have job , she also need car to use pick up her kid or go shopping . there be also demand from child when they grow up and become age of owinig a car ; when they go to colloege . as a result all member need . therefore each person need car . as a result , increase car in society . second , trend of live a little distance from workplace increase demand of car . Nowdays korea people , internationally also , prefer to live 30min . to 1hr . distance from their work . this mean they need automobils to go their work . for insatace , my professor who live one hour distance from college , have her own car . she come school every morning use her car , not subway . it be true that there be increase number of people who use public transportation to save money , oil or etc . however , this do not mean they do not have car . they have car their own but just use public transportation in order to save money . when they be run out of time , when they feel tired to waitng bus , or when they want to go somewhere where public transportation do not go , they will take out their personal car and drive . therfore , the need of own car each of one person , the trend of move distance from workplace make increase of car demand . futhermore , even though some people use pblic transportation , they surely poss car . as a result , there will be more car in the road than now . 	KOR
How do someone enjoy life at all ? What do you need in order to enjoy life ? young people usually have less problem . especially when they be very young they dont have much to worry about . Everything they should worry about be already be take care of by their parent . and they do n't even have a sense or a feeling yet for issue that be uncertain and one could worry about . since worrying be a stopper and be something that slow down enjoyment very young people enjoy life more that old in that respect . but to really enjoy something you have to be not only of no worry but you also have to aprecciate the action that you be perform , the situation that you be into and so on . young people have less experience in life and due to good partens less experience in unhappy and unsatisfied time of life can not aprecciate thing to the extend adult do . someone once say : you dont know that sugar be worth unless you have taste salt . old people have taste salt . so they know how to aprecciate when taste sugar . enjoy life can also mean to accomplish the dream that you have . this can be a certain style of life with have a wife and child , a good job or a something materialistic . first of all young people do not have access to certain area like a good job , be not able to drive a car yet and when they be able to they mostly can not afford their dream car due to the lack of financial mean . again if they be really young they might not even think of these thing and so they wo n't miss them . but as soon as they get old they have all kind of dream and much of them be not fullfiled in the near past since young people dont have the money or age or knowledge for it . old people however have a fairly good time of their life to work towards their dream . they be more likely to be in a stage that they at least could accomlish the most urgent dream , the one that be really important to them for all of their life . this enjoyment however can again be stop . this be the case when old people look past and remember the thing the didnt achive rather then the one they do . young people do not often look backwards that way . they remember the good think first . in addition to that in an unsatisfied situation young people be happy again with so little . for example when a child drop his icecream it will start to cry . but as soon as he get a new one it will not only stop to cry but be happy again and smile . an adult might be think about waste money all day long , about his goofyness and let the bad occasion erase the good one that he finally have a new icecream . I can not agress or disagress with the statement as a whole . for me it depend on the atitude of the person . but when it be someone that be look forward and recognize his achievement then he enjoy his life more than anyone else . 	GER
people start the cycle of learn and understand from the moment we be bear . during the cycle , we discover many thing in different way . while understanding of idea and concept can provide us with a basic knowledge of the nature and society that surround us , on the other hand , learn fact give us the opportunity to feel and experience thing that might happen in our life . both of the idea be important , but for student , it be more improtant to learn fact rather than understand idea and concept of a subject . firstly , learn fact be more accurate and reliable in many field of different post . we can find the answer in crime scene investigation , we do n't know the exact cause of the death of the victim until we open the body and examine it thoroughly . a single substance in the artery may have vital influence to human , but in textbook , we ca n't find them . the same thoery apply to the teaching of student in school , especially biology , only through a real experiment can they understand the concept more clearly and correctly . secondly , through learn from the fact , student can remember thing more efficiently , the vivid image of the process of how organ work and respond to each other may leave a strong impression on student , which be easy for them to remember rather than the boring content of the concept or the textbook . as a high school student myself , my classmate and I both prefer the class in lab rather than classroom , they be both exciting and impressive . thirdly , in the view emotional development , learn fact can make one ' S life more colorful by experience and think the connection and consequses of how thing be organize . because at the early year of our life , we learn thing through fact and experience . knowledge we attain at this period be original and pure , they be just the fact , which be more realistic . the more experience we have , the more calm and objective attitude we can have when face with an emergency . as a conclusion , despite that we can get a cut through by learn the concept that be already prove and give to us , we should still try to find the answer by ourselves . 	KOR
advertisement be see all over . they catch public attention in newspaper , television , billboard . nowadays advertisement be also see in cinema . but I personally feel these advertisement be often exaggerate . advertisement usually do n't mention hidden cost , do n't mention the efficiency of the product and hence deceive people . first , the advertisement project nowadays do not mention about the hidden detail they have for a particular product . for example in the master card advertisement the advertisement mainly portray the advantage like less interest rate , surprise gift . but they do not mention a detailed information about the product . my friend receive a bill for @card@ $ just because he cross the due date , which be not mention to him when he buy the card . moreover for the gift they give to customer they actually demand money from the customes . another example about such hidden cost be in the mobile phone industry , last month I get a call from my service provider and they launch a new offer which they mention it be free of cost . but when I activate and start use this facility my bill start to shoot up . the service provider do not mention about the usage cost . second , the advertisement do not mention about the efficiency of the product . for example , I start use a calculator from a local market . but the calculator do not work for more than two day . it do not respond to several button . the advertisement which I refer do not mention about the life of the calculator . another example be when I buy a blackberry the advertisement say ` ` Free Bluetooth Headsets for every Blackberry ' ' . but it fail to work after one month . finally , advertisement primarily deceive people . they project the product in a big size in television but actually the seem to look so small . moreover they mention that that the entire product be free and once we go and buy they would say that the scheme be under exchange . several such way be follow by company to fool the public . for the above mention reason , advertisement be depict an entire wrong picture of the product and tend to exaggerate the product . I personally believe that company must project correct fact about product . 	TEL
I agree with the statement but I have to point out several issue . I believe time have change therefore we can not expect young people to behave in the same way as young people from the past do . they might not give enough time to help their community but this could be due to a lack of time and different target . nowadays young people be individualistic because we live in a society that focus on individual rather than on community . by the same token , young people focus on themselves and they prefer to invest their time in selfish activity instead of community service . I consider myself a young person and out of my experience I can say that I be not interested in community at all . furthermore , I have live in several country and what really strike me be the fact that young people behave completely different depend on the country that they live in . for instance , in Sweden guy be extremely independent whereas in Spain be much less independent likewise Spanish guy might care more about community than Swedish guy do . so in order to understand the question it be need to place it in a specific context . the responsible of such situation be the society because society be construct around individual , rule be make accord to what be the good for individual thus they become the most important thing . Nonetheless , it be possible to notice strong nationalistic movement in Europe that emphazises on community . if European community become strong , it would be a change regard young people ' S attitude hence they would give enough time to help their community . To conclude , I agree with the statement but some aspect need to be consider before talk about young people and their attitude . young people behave completely different depend on the country that they live in and their culture , however , all in all it can be say that young people do not give enough time to help their community . 	SPA
some people , especially sciologists , often discuss whether we will use less car than today . although some people may agree with the statement , I disagree with the statement because we have invent useful and high-tech car , such as hybrid-cars that be not occur air pollution . and during twenty year it be hard to invent new one such as fly car . we have invent useful and high-tech car . it prove the ability of car industy . so , we will be able to drive more useful and high-tech car . as everyone know , car be not always advantageous because they can cause air pollution . however . car be one of the efficient transportation . for example , now we can buy and drive hybrid car . it do not make air pollution seriously . I agree with the opinion that it be expensive . however , companys will derease hybrid car ' price as soon as possible . because the goverment help them by support money . in twenty year there will be more car on the road , also , these car be definitely hybrid-cars . or someday we do not have to worry about pay for gas or insurance . it be hard to invent new one , such as fly car . we usually watch fly car in the movie . Hower , it be just movie . we should distingh from fantasy and realty . Twenty year be too short to invent new one . when I be seven year old , I dream about trip to the Moon and I believe that I will be able to trip to the moon after twenty year . of course , today we can go to the Moon and I hear about news that an American woman visit the moon recently . I also hear that the expense that astonish me . in this way , someday there be probably few car than today but not after twenty year . I think that it will take almost 100years later . take all of thing into account , we need more attention and inventory when we want get rid of car on the road . 	KOR
successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . there be several reason why this statement hold true . first of all , people who take risk be usually more adaptable to new situation and feel more secure out of ` ` their comfort zone ' ' . for example , when a student from another country decide to move to a new city with a completely different culture , he be allow himself to experiment new experience , such as the music , the food , the architecture from that city . this factor do not only enrich his life , but broaden his horizon and allow you to think ` ` outside of the box ' ' . additionally , when a person try new thing , they put themselves in a more vulnurable state , thus learn from their mistake and help them build a strong , more powerful personality . for example , when a person know that their option be limitless , and that even if you fail the first time , you be strong enough to try for a second time , their chance for success increase . Sucess can be describe in many different way . many people associate sucess with monetary compensation , other with personal satisfaction . regardless of how success be consider , I believe that take risk will directly improve your chance to be a succesful person . 	SPA
do you want to live successful life ? if you want to make it possible , I think you ' d well try new thing than old thing that be too common and oldfashioned . in my opinion , most people who live successfully try new thing and take risk . there be two reason to express my opinion . firstly , it be true that nomal people do nomal thing , live nomal life and love nomal thing . accord to speaking of successful people , however , they be willing to take risk to succeed . people should not copy and repeat something because sometimes the something need to be change . we should create new thing that will make us live new life and good life . secondly , maybe all of us know ` life be venture ' . it be so famouse sentence that we could hear before . but the case that it come true be very rare because people be afraid that they could make a mistake in try new venture . but I think avoid venture to keep them from failling be the bad thing in your whole life . you do n't have to be frustrate even though you fail to try something new . it will give you an experience . this envaluable experience will help you to succeed other thing . it be so envaluable that you may not want to change to other thing . in conclusion , there be a number of opportunity in the world . some people can see and cach these possiblity , but other ca n't see that they would miss these thing . you have to take these opportunity in your life . in this Morden society , it be so important to be a creative person . Society want that kind of people , so we should have courage and keep go to the new thinsd 	KOR
have you ever see a boy play with his toy ? do n't you think that they be in their own happy world ? I believe that child be extremely more happy than old people . when we analize old people ' S life , there be to many thing involve that make them worried . for example , the bill that they have to pay every month , or that boss at work that ask them for more every day . it do n't mean that they do n't enyoy life , because that be life . however , it be too much go on . as much as you know , as much as you be worry . child keep their life simple , and there be the secret of their success . they can watch the cartoon for hour without worry about what be they go to eat tonight because mom be there to take care of that . or , they can play with their neighbor all afternoon until they be so tired that it be time to take a nap . in the adult world , the situation be so much different . old people still have fun . they can have nice conversation with friend , go to the movie , or have dinner with their family , but there be not the same energy and entusiastic that young people have . Yougn people be more optimistic , positive , because they have a whole life in front of them , so that motivate them to experience new thing . so , in conclusion , young people enjoy life more than old , otherwise it would n't be to common listen people say how much they would like to be a child again . 	SPA
personally I do n't agree with the give statement and I think that if you do what you know and do that well you can be as successful as a risky person . today people be most likely more risky and like to be challengend but this be why they can easily fail . for instance I have a friend who have a very good job as a banker . he have a good position and earn enough money but he want to make more out of his life . he start study again in another field and have to give up all the little luxury he be use too ( like his car , old apartment etc . ) unfortunately that be five year ago and his ` ` risk ' ' do n't work out that well . the normal study time would have be four year but during the time he figure out that this field seem not to be the right thing . he develop bad grade and have to retake class plus when he finally finish his study it might be very hard for him to get a good job because the demand in his field go drastically down . if he would stay in his old job he could have be the director by now . another reason for disagree with this statement be that I think you should treat all people equal and not judge their success base on the way how they get to a certain point . for example if it come to a job offer and there be two people who apply for it I think that the person who work for year at the same place and have a lot of experience in that specific area might be more successfull than any other person . but I find it very surprising that people oversee those people and be more interested in hire somebody who have a way more interesting past and take some risk to get there . on the other side take a risk might open you new door that you could n't have have imagine before . give those reason and the choice beween try new thing and take risk or stick to familiar behavior I personally think that you can be very successfull either way . 	GER
I disagree with the statement that today , Young people be become reluctant in help their community . I agree that these day , youngster have start stay aloof , and they have begin to increasingly value their privacy , but this do not mean that they be show indifference to their community . first of all , i believe that it be very important to have faith in the community which the individual have to adhere to , and make contribution to . if a person be fully convince about the ideal and goal of the community , then he would show full support and cooperation to it . recently , i hear a news that a former student of my college be suffer from brain cancer . as soon as this news hit the campus , many student body become actively involve in collection fund to succor the patient . thus , the young student show great enthusiasm inorder to further a cause which they believe strongly . also , in my country , many political party have special division call ` ` Yuva Shakti ' ' which be entirely comprise of youth , and which have come into existence only exploit the strength which rest in the young generation . these young man actively support the party principle , and do their every bit to publicise their ideal and objective . they spend their precious time and effort , to help their community . many youth also associate themselves with non profit organization , in order to help the poor people to get acess to various facility . for Example , i be a member of a community which aim at increase awareness among unpriveleged and uneducated people about disease , their prevention and symptom etc . we go from village to village in order to spread this valuable information . in the last few year , that i have be a part of this organisation , i have see a great increase in the number of youngster willing to join hand for this cause . there be numerous other instance in which youngster have be promise , in show support to the community they be affiliate to , and so , i believe that they be stand up to the expectation of the society and be still fulfill their responsibility very well . 	HIN
I dont think all of the young people nowadays be help their community but i believe some of them do help . sometimes this kind of topic appear in the news or the newspaper . adult think young people dont help and play around but i dont think it be true . now in the world , many people be work for theirselves , for family , and for the world but adult say they be not help but be this true ? i dont think so . there be a hundred of the young people work for the community . but why adult say that ? maybe because they have not see it . How can they show the adult that they be do for their community ? do they have to come in front of them and show what they have do ? No . young people nowdays be work and help their community in their original style . Forexample the club DJ . from the adult point of view , they can only see be the young people play arount untill the morning . but they be work hard in their own style and help their community . if you look around really carefully , then you can see young people nowadays be give their time to help their community in their original style . 	JPN
I would support this statement . it be logic that advertisement let product look much more innovative und well as it , in fact , really be . look , if you be an advertisement creator and know innovation for this product , which should be emphasize , the thing , which improve the usage of it , you have to focus on it . let the commercial look like it ' S an incredible invention make by the company and this only for the viewer of the ad . it have to be attractive for the consumer , so that he think about buy the product . if there be a advertisement tell me , as a consumer , about the advantage and a lot of other thing , I ' d not think much about it , because it ' S only one in a million of new thing . but by tell me the outstanding advantage , the product could attract me and so lead me to a shop to buy it . To reach this point in the mind of people who see this commercial , you have to emphasize the improvement and even let them appear much good than they be in real . you can also use a comparison between the product , which you be advertise for , and another one . by do this the other product have to perform very bad , while ` ` your ' ' one act normal or even unbelievingly good . now let the bad performance seem as the standard before the new advertised product be invent , create also an overrate image of the new one . do advertisement in this way be the only opportunity to lead people to buy this and not another product . it be even the only way for a commercial to get recognize by the audience . the way how advertisement be make lead to the statement that most of the advertisement produce make product seem much more better than they really be . 	GER
nowadays , we be live in an individualism world . in our parent ' period , it be really different , everyone help everybody . today this period be revolve . in my opinion , young people do not give enough ti ; e to help their community . with several exemples , it will be easy to explain the reason of this phenomenon . first , young people study longer than before . in average , a student stay at the university around four or five year which be huge compare to @card@ ' S or @card@ ' S . young people always pretext they no have time to help anybody . even at @card@ year old , we , young people , always have the feeling to be over busy . we have personnal work , group project work , sport etc but in our plannig , no time for so ; ething else . well , I say that but we can find time to go to the cinema or meet friend . for exemple , we will prefer go 3 week on holiday than stay one week to help a caritative cause . Tere should have another reason of young people careless . secondly , as I say previously , we be live in an individual and egoist society . Everyone think about him or herselself . young people believe less in God than before , that could also be a good reason . there be not a lot of religious event . but the religion be a efficient way to gether people around a good cause in order to help other community . and all of it be just the consequence of the environnement of a society or a lack of value , education . nowadays parent do not learn to their child to share . in brief , I think it be not fair but it be a reality , young people do not give enough time to help their community but I a ; sure 	FRE
the year give us intelligence in most of the time . the statement , Yong people enjoy life more than old people no it be alway true , it be depend of the style life , and personal habit . for exemple , Yong people could be always , entusiastic , happy , frendly and also serius , and quiet by the way some yung people can not enjoy their life , may be , because their life culd be no the good experience , in othe word may be they do noy have the oportunity to enjoy their parent , school , or wherever , in contrast many old people enjoy their lave , most of them thougt that their old it the most beutiful form to accumulate experience , in this way they be have alot of memory and experience . in my opinion , my grand father be an exemple that the old people can enjoy life , same or more than the Yong people . my grand father be @card@ year old and he decide star to live again , when he be @card@ year old , after my grand mather ' S dead , some people thougt that he get sad but in contrast , he have decide to write a book , and all weekend he have dancing in a club , he already open his own cantina and recently he have a girlfriend and may be he will marry again in a few month . however he have diabetic and hipertencion systemic , he decide enjoy his life and start again like a second chance . I think that he be a great example for yung people that some time decide to quite their dream , hope , and some time their own life . he be also a good example and a model for me , and I hope enjoy my life same or more than him . for this reazon , I be desagree whit the statement yong people enjoy life more than old people do . 	SPA
I think we should improve our life right now , so I agree with this statement . I have sereval reason . first , I think successful pepole can improve the thing that be not good , so they should take risky . for example , if they know how to make the computer well , and they do n't take risky to change the computer more convenient and more useful . now we might not have notebook in our life . Thefore , I think we need take risky to improve our life . on the other hand , some people only make computer only they already do well they ca n't make improve in that computer . there business might go down . in addition , this be a compitition world , so we need improve . second , we should make new thing that successful people need take risk from that new thing . for instance , many people have CD player they have improve to it lightness and useful , but other company make mp3 player be more useful and lightness . it mean this be risk if people do n't like mp3 player , their company might die out . it be a big risk . however , if it success , the business can get rich than before and more famous . in conclusion , I think successful people should try new thing not only do what they already knoe how to do well because if they take risk , they can get rich also good for people who live in this world . it mean they can improve thing also make useful new thing for people . 	CHI
why do young people not give enough time to help their community nowadays ? I presume there be several reason for that . first of all , young people have increasing possibility and money to spend their leisure time , so they might rather spend their time enjoy themselves with friend than to be help the community . another reason might be the change living condition . people nowadays have to be and be more flexible . the number of young people leave their hometown to study in a city far away have increase . young people be change job more frequently than before and thus have to move house . the time a young person spend in one site have shorten and accordingly the feeling of be a part of a community . help a community mean to be motivate as you feel responsible for it . without have spend a certain time in a community your be less motivate to help , as you do not know a lot of people personally . the personal knowledge of people though increase your motivation to help strongly . the strong reason for the fact that young people nowadays help less in community be the changed behaviour towards community . people have become more individual , more focus on themselves and their need . family as much as community do not mean as much to people as they use to in the past . people be economically more independent so that they do not need support and help of the community as much nas in the past . take all those factor into account I would agree that more and more young people tend not to give enough time to help their community . 	GER
this assey be go to accomplish and reply to the question . do I agree or disagree to the statement , the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guid . from my point of view i disagree . I be support to travel in a small group , alone or just accompany by my girlfriend . their be several reason to confirm my opinion . at first your be not depend on a timetable the guide offer . I ' d like to plan my travel on my own . if you stay at a beautiful place , you can keep stay and not to move forward with the group . within a group there be alway different point of view , some would move faster and some like to stay . you be not flexible . further a guide tour be always more expensive then a own organized tour . and anyway , with the new Internet time and the research possibility , you can find all relevant information in the Internet or guid book like lonely planet give also all necessary information about sight , city and historical backround . as per own experience you meet a lot of different people from all over the world during the journey . this experience be sometimes more important than the sight itself . you can also get lot of information from other traveler . guide be usually visit most famous place and this place be most likely very crowd . in a nut shell , i ' d like to be more flexible and save money . you never know wheter you like a particular place or not and to spend money to stay at a place I do n't like to only because of a group decission , this sound not realy like holiday . To plan the journey be also a very beautiful experience I 	GER
I completely agree that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . every economist today know that it be so important to know to sell the product , than the cuality of it . it be well know the huge amount of money that many enterprise invest in advertisement . there be many stadistical study about publicity and its effect . for example , they discover that the effect of advertisement need some month to produce effect . that be the reason why we can see advertisement about a film that wo n't be in cinema until 3 month after . One important thing to consider be that we do n't buy the product , we buy the concept of the product . sometimes we have prove many product , and we know the cuality of each one , therefore we can choose the good one . but many time we have a lot of product where choose , and we do n't know which be good . then , if we remmember the advertisement of that product which explain their advantage we probably will choose it , although it really be bad than other . some year ago one child ask for a pirate ship toy in Christmas . when he open the box , and find his present , he start to cry under the surprised look of their parent . then the child ask his father where be the sea on which the ship sail in the advertisement . the child have never see the sea , and he really want it from the toy . this be only an example of the effect of advertisement . in fact many time we be not buy the product only . we can be buy the image of the product . for example , several mark of clothes be a social distinction . in conclusion , advertisement be a key factor for sell product , not relate 	SPA
lot of poeple think that young people enjoy life more or well than old people . in one way they be right but in the other hand they be wrong . for a moment let take the word enjoy life as have fun and do lot of thing . young people be active because of their age . the age be a big advantage . they have the energy for do lot of thing . for exeple , travel , ride a bike , run , and sex of course , thing most old people dont have much energy to do . and ofcourse they have kid maybe even grand kid to tie them in to the life they currently have . this be maybe their only satisfaction in life . to be able to achieve lot of thing that young people do not achieve yet . because of this satisfaction they maybe have no need to really experience different thing . on the other hand i can not really say that young people can enjoy life much eihter.21st century really do not allow lot of us to explore . with the need of a succesful job ; the need of a diploma appear . with the need of a diploma money come in to the story . well we all know that we can not grow money on tree so we start work part or full time at an early age . on top of work we have to study in order to graduate . even after all of this the only time we will enjoy life seem like retirement . well again when we retire we be consider old people . so tell me who be the people that really have fun . young or old people ? have fun be not about age or activity . it be about be able to enjoy life at its most . we be the one who determine the term ` ` enjoy life ' ' for our selfes . at any age if we be satisfy with what we be do and who we be and how we interract with people then we be the one who chose to enjor or not to enjoy . let ask this question to our self : TO ENJOY Or NOT TO ENJOY ? 	TUR
we be live in a modern world fill with advertisement . all advertisement try to show the magic of their product . however , I have little blief in what the advertisement have tell me . I think most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be ! the goal of advertisement determine their poor credit . All the advertisement be aim to attract as many customer as they can . and how can they obtain this achivement ? they give mislead and uncredible information of their product . for example , some healthy food will claim its body-building function in the advertisement . but few give any convincing statistical state or trustworthy survey on how it make effort on people who have use it . we may see a set of comparison between a fat girl and a thin girl . but how can we believe it ' S just the effection of the food ? since advertisement use for commercial use , most of them will not provide sientific proof . another interesting phenomenon be that famous actress and actor often appear on the screen to advertise a product . of course , the actress and actor be attractive and beautiful . by these kind of advertisement , we attach the product to these beautiful imago . but the truth be , how many celebrity really use the product they recomment ? they be just invite to say a sentence , show a pose , and etc . . it misguide the costumer to some extent . costumer will connect the product to the good imago in their mind . actually , the product be not so perfect as the advertisement say or the customer think . the reason why there exist such a huge gap between the product in the advertisement and in the fact be because there be n't effective norm to regulate advertisement . no specific policy have give to restrict the advertisement . in fact , exaggeration become one of the keywords in advertisement . I have already disappoint to find a real product in any advertisement . only when our goverment and medium realize the importance to supply the audiance unbiased and true fact instead of the beautiful lie in advertisement , can we choose the product without doult follow the instruction of advertisement . so , when you choose something to buy , do not trust what the advertisement tell you . turn off the television when you see an unblievable product in an advertisement again . a clever customer should try to evaluate and judge a product by him/herself . 	CHI
the issue of wether young people enjoy life more than other people meet agrate debate in the mean time . young people have ambition , the look to the future , the ability to get new information about technology as life be widley open for them to gain experiance and learn a new cultural , scientific , and social thems . they have the health and capability to enjoy differant program for intertanment , have the chance of get new ferands and relationship and keep them . but do they have enough support or backup to help them achieve what the like to do . foe examlpe ayoung couple may like to get along vacation from work to travel to anew country to enjoy their love and life but they have not onough money as they be in their beginig of emloyment life , morover vacation may affect their promotion , on the other hand they be responsable for other people for examlpe they have to take care of their parent or kid . Alot of young people have shortage of intertament facility for finnetial reason or they have to obey other person who be sponsor them . the youg be under tension and pressure of life and not have the enough experance to take over problem on otherhand old people have alot of relationship with freinds , colleague family member as son or grand son who support them and take care of them , in addition to gainig of property through life and finential independance . but some of them might get health problem which most of them be controlable now , old couple for example can enjoy themselves with no worrey about somebody else alot of them beleive that what be go to happen let happen or let go . so not care much about futur . an old man once say the life be compose of three section first thirty year of life aman have health and enjoy his jop as he have somthing to do in life but not too much resposnsbities and he have enough time to spend for leisurers and entertament but he dosenot have money to acheve his wish . second thirty year aman have health , money but he have to work hard to carry on his sucesse but he dosnot have enough time . the late life thre be the time and money but no health . but in summary I think i have enjoy my life when i be young by alot of thing mainly freindship , passion and love . all with experancing of establishment of a family of our own and how happy we where , but i think we be bit old now and we feel life worth to live in and enjoy relationship , work , belonging . 	ARA
consider the population of the world today and distribution of income rate among country , it be hard to give an immidiate answer to the question about the number of car in use in twenty year ' time . let me brirefly state why I have choose to emphasize an ambiguity instead of an exact answer . first of all , the population of the world be grow rapidly which might create the impression that there would be more car in use as there would be more people live on earth . it be true for the case of Turkey for example . I come to observe that automobile gallery in Turkey be the good profit maker and also the number of car sell increase dramatically each year . but take from another aspect , it could quite be the opposite . the rapid growth of population be observe more in underdeveloped or developing country whose gross national product or income per capita be very low . then it would be more likely for the citizen of such country to tend to use bus or train which would be a much cheap way of transportation . in India for instance , one can easily notice this situation . secondly , the increase in the number of people live in a city might push its dweller to make use of public transportation . not because that these people can not afford to buy car but because that they do n't want to lose their valuable time on road , stick in the middle of a never-end traffic jam . Let ' s take the example of New York City . even the mayor of this city be say to be use the subway in order to evade from the traffic and promote the use of subway . yet there be also the case of California where we can see anyone at any age to own and drive a car . because of its geographical characteristic , it be almost impossible to live one ' s life without a car in Los Angeles . not that the city be overcrowd such as New York . but because there be mile in between any two destination . as to my personal observation , there be a body of reason both to agree and disagree with the statement . in the end , whatever the sing and predilictions be , we live in a world of unpredictibility and suprises . who know wheter a genious scientist would come up with a more time and energy saving invention than a car , or not ? 	TUR
take risk be the only way to improve our knowledge and to succeed in life . keep this in view i would like to agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . this may include many aspect like invent many thing , know other side of coin or the other solution of problem . firstly , take the point of invent new thing the inventor who would discover a new thing couldn , t either know whats the result be go to be its a saught of risk that be take by them . but what if they be suceede invent that then there will add some more glory to them instead of just sit quite simply because they already have do well and fear about the risk they have to take . after all , FAILURES be step stone TO SUCCCESS ' ' .they may learn a new thing by failure which will be definitely useful again . secondly , take the point of find other solution to the existing problem . if the Indian president A.P.J.Abdul Kalam could not have risk the launch of rocket into space people could not knoe the information of what actually hapens in other planet or the interesting point about space that we know now . thogh it be a failure for the fiorst time he do not stop there and follow the say ` ` try and try until you succeed ' ' which broght him graet fame . thirdly , consider the case of invention of many metal by scientist which be invent by the experiment which risk their life itself . but those people be more successful in life because they have the fame and importance even after their period . these people do not do what they already know how to do well . infact , they risk their life for the discovery they have do . finally , i conclude by say that each and every individual should always risk on do new thing which will definitely yield good result . 	TEL
now a day the young people do not devote their enough time for help their community which they should do . a youngster should always help his community because they be the one ' S who will help him if he will have any problem . they safeguard the youngster . from my point of view , the young people be not devote sufficient time to the community . instead of this they like to party with their friend . some utilise their time in study and tutions . some find play game interesting rather than provide support to their community . the have now a day no feeling in their heart which the people in the past use to have for serve their community . they be unaware of the fact that the community be the one who be go to help them when in need . he should therefore work for it to take his community to great height and create a level for it i.e a separate entity . for example - Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi be not call the Father of India like that only . he have suffer a lot in free his country from the Britisher who be rule it for many year . he do not do this all alone . slowly and steadily he gather Indian to support him and carry out several movement to rule them out . at last his country gain freedom on 15th August , @card@ after struggle for a few decade . the young one ' S should therefore wake up from their sleep and help in strengthen freedom . the should not leave it at the stake . thus , the youngster view should always be on help their community as GURU NANAK do for the Sikh . therefore the primary function of every people belong to a particular community be to have the potential to do whatever his community require from him . he should serve his community as good as he can . 	HIN
Everyone want to enjoy life and live happily . we be all different and can not be same in appearance and preference . as industry develop , people get more chance to enjoy their life in various way . for example , before invention of airplane , take travel around the world be not easy as nowdays . but we have a lot of thing to do in our free time . therefore , some people might say that young people in these day enjoy life more than old people do . it be true in some aspect because young people have more alternation for enjoy life and many leisure equitment have be invent gradually . I think that enjoyment of life do not mean the physiclal aspect always . of coure , youth itself be a beautiful one . in other hand , we should plan our future life and plan to prepare for that in our young day . old people enjoy their life with a sound wisdom of living . they have experience many thing through life and have a wise sight for life and world . be young be not a critical fact for enjoy one ' S life . old people can enjoy their life in more various way with their experience of life and open eye for other . 	KOR
some people can have broad knowledge of many academic subject , other people can specialize in one specific subject . I agree with that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . first , to have broad knowledge of many academic subject help people think widely . when we have broad knowledge of many academic subject , we can convine them in various way . we can think more carefully about possibility . second , to have broad knowledge of many academic subject help people cooperate with each other . we can know about each other more . we have to help other . third , to have broad knowledge of many academic subject help people look many diversity . in three reason , I agree with that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . 	KOR
different way of learn can be teach by a professor or lecturer in order to make it easy for their student to memorize certain study matter . some believe , that try to help their student to understand idea and concept be more important than just learn fact . To begin with , encourage student to develop their own idea and concept about a certain topic and in the end to draw a conclusion , be very likely to have a positive aspect on the student ' S memory . for example , if a student in a history class have the task to think about the way the Geman people must have feel at the end of the Second World War , and s/he work out their feeling of desperation and hopelessness , s/he have learn through experience . moreover , through have understand certain idea and concept , a student can basically transfer them to nowadays situation and as well to another subject or theme . for instance , have learn the concept of social behaviour on a specific example and have understand the idea of it , the student will be easily able to observe the social behaviour , its cause and consequence , in his/her own environment and to compare them to other unsocial behaviour and the way it differ in every country and continent . learn fact surely have its disadvantage in specific exam situation . for example , if a student be beeing ask about when certain historical event take place . especially in the subject of history , learn date by heart be rather important , mostly in order to avoid get mix up with situation that happen before another event and to recieve a basic overview of certain period of time . all thing consider , there be more benefit for student , not only in school but for the entire life , to beeing able to use learn idea and concept in a variety of field than to learn fact that can be easily forget just after the exam have finish . 	GER
I fully agree with this statement . young people donot give enough time to help their community . they mostly indulge in activity that they want to do or have thing they desire , instead of look at the problem affect their home and locality . I myself , be a young person and live alongwith numerous other fellow in a hostel , have lot of experience of such neglect show by young individual towards social and community need . most of the time be spend by young people go mainly in fun activity like party , gaming , chat etc. or either in study , prepare for the exam . there seem to be no think process in the mind that deal with the immediate difficulty , shortage or problem that be go aroung the place which need to be solve . for example , in our institution there be a major problem of stand water body in and around campus which provide a typical breeding ground for mosquito that can cause dangerous infection to the ocals live in and around the area . but inspite of this , there seem to be no concern show by the student who themselves might be affect by it . the situation can grow bad if not take seriously . effective measure can be apply with the help of young student if they be willing . similarly , there be issue like education of poor worker and their child , who work in the campus for construcion of new building . young student can really help such poor people by organize free weekly or monthly class within the area and it could be of great help to the child who can think of have a much good life in future . but till now , nothing have be do by the young people live here . young people mostly dont listen to the advice give by senior or the elderly people . they always do what they feel be right . spend time to help community be not the popular choice in their mind . go by what I have see in my campus hostel , most of young people , include me , like have fun , go to bar and restaurant , have nice unending chat or just study the curricular course and interest related subject . spending time for social and community service be not there nowadays among the young people . 	HIN
I do agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . advertisement be produce to promote a product and to make it sell well . so what do we do if we want people to buy our product ? we try to tell them that our product be the good choice on the market , which be maybe not true , but people need to believe it to choose our product . that be the reason why many advertisement make to seem their product much well than they actually be . in our every day live we be confront with many example . my favourite example be the wash powder advertisement on television . Would n't it be wonderful to put your clothes in the wash machine and when take them out again , all the ugly stain be go and the clothes look new than before ? I have try several time , but it just do not work . so there the advertisement definitely make the wash powder much well than it be . another product which have to be incredible accord to advertisement , be energy bar for sport . you do not only get an unhuman power and condition , but the bar turn your outer appearance into an athlete ' S body . ` ` this be much cheap than the fitness studio ' ' , I think and try . but again I be disappoint . neither do my condition improve , nor do my body shape change . disillusion about advertisement promise I resign , until recently , when I hear Ovomaltine ' s new publicity . the advertisement of the chocolate powder to flavour your milk , do not claim to make you strong , but more enduring . it say : ` ` Ovomaline - not good , but long . ' ' so this be the one and only exception I have see in my life , where advertisement do not make a product seem much good than it be . 	GER
nowadays , young people be more involve in many activity than in the past . for this way , someone can adfirm that young people do n't give much time to help their community . because of I ' m a young person , I can explain my opinion and I can support my disagreeded opinion with some example . the first example I support , be that young people have not so much time to help their community because they do n't wont to help them , not because they have n't such time : in fact , I can help my friend if he ask my an hand , even if I have to study for myself . if I be beloved to a friend , I help him in every way . but in this way , I have to renounce to spend some time to play the computer or to have a pause , go to commercial center , or runnig , for example . I suppose that the people that say this sentence , know just selfish people , that think just to their life . but in university , for example , student live together much time : they stay at the same lesson , they speak in pause time , they have a lunch togegher and they become as a family . in a family , if a member have a problem , the other help him . and in this way occur in university . in fact help each together can consent to pass more simply the exam , and live the university life with no fear . also in family young people help fairly well ( and more than sometimes or seldom ) : in fact as a young person grow , his responsability grow itself and he recognize that help parent be important . they can do it in different way : work in speare time , to learn some money to spend for their personal object , and they do n't ask money to their parent , or clean the house or their own room . naturally , exist many of young people that do n't help in none of this way their family , but I ca n't generalize . as the man who say that sentence can not generalize . 	ITA
I agress that it be more important for student to understand idras and concept than itis for them to learn fact . first , if student can understand idea and concept , they will utilize them . understand them make student more well . for example , student understand them can make thier opinion useful . in addition to , understand idea and concept be more eassier than learn fact . because , if student be able to understand them , maybe , they can not forget them . but learning be not . secondly , To larn fact be difficult . for example , if student try to remember fact , they might spend more time than understand the idea and concept . we should save our life ' S time . if student learn fact , they might forget them . this be poor activies . third , learn fact be not cheeper than understanding idea and concept . if we try to learn fact we pay the fee . and if we choose to understand idea and concept , we can understand alone . for example we can read book . reading book be useful in understand idea and concept . learn fact be unuseful way to gain knowleges . we should gain knowleges . so , we can get a job . get job be very difficult . the world economic be unclearly because of high oil price , weaken dolloar and so on . therefore , possibly , I recommend understanding idea and concept . if I could back to the past , I would understand idea and concept . I never could learn fact . because I do not have little time . time be money . remember my word . so your child will be happy . 	KOR
at first glance it seem to be a baffle question but if you ' ll take a close look you might reckon to say that this subject need to be examine . this esssay deal with a broad description of why it be necessary to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject . first of all I would like to say that it be indispensable for any kind of student to broaden his knowledge . let us assume that you earn your Bachelor ' s degree in sport and that you would like to get some overseas working experience . due to the fact that you attend a univerity that do n't allow you to learn a foreign language it wo n't be possible for you to fully indulge in new surroundings . furthermore you can just work in a small working field that do n't allow you obtain more responsibility . I be quite sure that you will soon feel uncomfortable and that you might regret that you do n't take the opportunity to broaden your academic skill . Rome be not build in a day and it be quite apparent that you can hardly obtain more knowledge from one day to another . if those student who just focus on a specific subject , such as sport , attend different class , besides their major , it would be easy for them to survive in the capitalistic world . I be try to reinforce my point of view with a quotation of Darwin . ' ' the survival of the fit ' ' , express a fact , base on several incident that take place in the early 19th century . you can easily link it to our assigment . thus , what happen to those student who attend business class besides their normal major . let us assume that they have learn how to plan task and how to meet their target via shedules and agenda . maybe these business class teach them how to control people via ' ' carrot and stick ' ' or through normal philanthroposy . these skill would truly broaden their possibility to apply for other job , such as manage sport event or lead an enterprise in the field of sport . I be pretty sure that everybody take advantage of a broad knowledge of many academic subject , as I ' ve examine in the line above . I grow up with the belief that a person never truly finish his education and that there be something new to learn with each day . refer to my introdcution it be vital to succedd academically due to these hint . 	GER
we be face thousand of advertisement in our life . they be easy to say ` ` nothing be good than this ' ' . however be they all true ? I do n't think so . they do ` over-advertising ' the product than the real ability of it . first , i declare most advertisement make good seem much good than they be because of my experience . last year , i have really long black hair but my hair condition be not good so that i decide to make my hair healthier . at that time , a run into some advertisment with a very attracitive woman and her hair look like silk . What i feel that time be , if i use that product i would have facinating hair like that woman ' S ! I use it for a long time but i could n't have have a silky hair like that woman . First i be depress , but than i begin to think , that ' s what advertiser do . ` Over-advertising ' . moreover , in my opinion there be resonable reason that the company have to over-advertising . from my experience that i mention above , i be wander why they be do it ? why could n't be just honest so that no one would expect which would be never happend . then , i get the idea . there ' S hundred of different shampoo in the market . To take attention from people , they have to be attractve to survive from the compete with other . in short 	KOR
some one have ver rightly say , ` ` it be not the destination that matter , but it be the journey thats the real adventure ' ' it be not only the destination that you should enjoy you should also enjoy the fun of reach there , which can only be do in a group . travel in a group lead by a tour guide be the well possible way to travel . when you travel in a group you have more fun and you end up do a lot of activity that you would not do if your travel alone . man be a social animal and we always like it if we have some one to talk to and some one with whom we can we can share our emotion . when travel in a group , you have this chance . for instance be you go to an old church and you be in awe at its beauty and archetecural design have some one there with whom you can share these feeling always feel nice . secondly , have a tour guide be major advantage when it come to travel around in a new city . as the guide be famaliar with the city and the tourist spot in that city . he be the right person who can show you around the city and take you to the right place . if you be to do it alone it would take you hour just to figure out how to go from one place to the other . thirdly , travel in a group be a lot of fun , as you be never alone and be always with some one , play chat or do something fun . also travel with people make you try new thing which you would never do on your own . for example if someone in your group like adventure sport , see him the other peole in the group would also get motivate to try their hand at it . you might never know someone might actually turnout to be very good at it . thus we see that travel in a group lead by a tour guide be much more fun and adventurous . eventhough the tour guide might charge you some extra money , but he cover it up with the fact that he save a lot of your time and help you relax on your holiday as he be take care of everything . travel in a group help you have a holiday in the true sense of the word and let you enjoy to the full . 	HIN
in these modern time , youth be always bother about achieve thieir individual goal and fullfiling their need . they be less bother about their community . every youth have to play a certain role in the community . he have to serve for the benefit of the community and future generation . often , youth benefit from a communtiy and when they achieve their goal or reach a good situation with the aid of the community , they forget the help render to them . for example in develop countires many student be provide reservation because they belong to a certain downtrodded community . the student after achieve success be not indebted to the community and dont try to help it . but there be some instance where this be not always true . consider the case of an Indian student go to the United States to pursue high education . he check out the memeber ' S of the Indian community in that college and contact them before hand . the member of the community then arrange for his transport from the airport to the university campus and then take care of him for two to three day . since the basic idea of this community be to help other student and in this aspect young people be suceeding . there be also several youth who try to help their community . when a person leave his country and achieve success , they do not forget their mother land , they try to help their native community . take the case of many Non Resident Indians . these young people try to help and fund various charity organisation in India . so , though i agree that young peole now a day be not give enough time to help their community , I feel that this be not always true because there be some instance where young people spend their time and money for the benefit of the community . 	TEL
travel be one of the most effective way a family or an individual could spend quality time , relax or have fun . therefore it be essential that tourist have their vacation orgainised so that they can have the large amount of fun possible . To have a perfectly a orgainised vacation , people should travel in a group lead by a tour guide . there be many benefit to travel with a tour guide . firstly , the tour guide be a trained professional in tourism . he would know which be the good attraction to visit , and what would be an appropriate length of time to spend at each one . he would be able to plan how to spend the whole day effeciently , unlike if a person be alone and have to spend hour decide where to go next . secondly , the tour guide would have ticket ready prior to the visit , and this would enable the group to go straight to the attraction without waste time . for example , to go up the Eiffel Tower in Paris , France , it would , on average , take a person 2 hour to get a ticket in the high season . however a tour guide would get you the ticket well before you arrive there , and then you would n't have to waist a lot of time wait in line . thirdly the tour guide would arrange all the transport in advance , and for example would make arrangment with bus company to have busess present at the correct time , and tell them exactly where to go . if , on the other hand , a person be travel alone , he would waste a lot of time try to get from place to place . there be also a social benefit to travel with a group , as it would be likely that your group consist of people mainly from your home country , and therefore you would be to socialise with them and discuss the attraction you visit , along with the fact that you make new friend . however , some people may argue that have a tour guide deprive them from make their own decision , and their personal choises . also , it would not allow them to do thing that they have always want to do , if they visted a certain country , but this can always be easily solve by extend the vacation a day or two , or if that be not possible , miss the certain guide tour they be not particularly interested in . all in all , I strongly agree that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . it ' S advantage significantly overwiegh its disadvantage , and I beleive that most people would have more fun if they travel in group lead by a guide . 	ARA
I disagree to the statement that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . frankly speaking , what people with a guide can understand be only the surface of the country . I think feel and know the different way or value be the most interesting thing in travel . and it can be achieve only by voluntary action . in that meaning , not all but many travel with tour guide miss the chance to enjoy the travel . first , generally the trip with a tour guide be easy to get information or knowledge of the country you go . you do n't neither have to buy a guide book nor collect the information from Internet before you leave . even though you have n't do those thing , the tour guide will tell you all you want to know , such as good restaurant , exiciting amusement park or beautiful site . without a tour guide you have to do all of these thing by yourself , so you can get well understand thorough this action . second , feel and know different way can be achieve by know the native people . but there be less chance to get along with them by tour trip . there be less free time in tour because the guide schedule most of the time . moreover with a lot of people who be same nationality have less chan 	JPN
this be very difficult question for me , because I be a one of the young people who do not have a relation with my community , so I copletely agree with this opinion that young people do not give enough time to help their community . there be several resons I think for this question . first , almost young people do not know their neighbour , because there be no opportunity to contuct with them . in the past of Japan , people do anything with the community member , because the people who belong to same communitiy be family , so people decide the important thing , like a rebuild the house or change the job , with the community . people do help the other in their community . however , people nowadays be not interested in other , and they do not want to have a relation with the neighbour , because the horrible actidents occures recently . second , old family and young family have a generation gap . if there be a chance to do something together in their community , but both family have a different opinion . it be a natural thing for the people , because they tend not to have a complex problem , so they do not give enough time to help the community and not have a relation . when I be a child , I have to clean up the park where I always play with my friend for the community ' S event . this be a task for the child . many adult observe us , but another day , many adult teach sport for the communitiy club . I agree with this opinion that many young people do not give the time for their community , but we should change this custom to improve the relationship between the neighbour and me , because if the accident happen in daily life , other near us help first . people help each other and get a good relationship in the community . 	JPN
i agree with the statement that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . it have lot of advantage like u do n't need to be panic in a foreign country , the tour guide will direct you to all worth sight seeign place and provide you the background information about the same . the comfort and security offer while travel with a group be good than travel on your own . . u build new friendship and see different facet of life . moreover the cost of the trip be realtively less since most of the guides/operators have tie up with diffrent resort , transportation company etc . . . it give a good deal for the consumer . your trip be organize and any problem arise can be deal by the guide since he be a seasoned and experience in the trip . however , there be few disadvantage even . we may/may not get individual attention during the trip by the guide . if he have many tourist under him . sometimes a consumer may also feel that he be not gettign a raw deal i.e. not a good deal and its expensive because the tour operator margin ( Commision ) will be add to the package cost . immaterial of the disadvantage , i feel that the good way to travel be ina group lead by a guide since you tend to enjoy more and any hassle realting to foreign exchange visa etc be deal with effectivey etc . . anyways , as the say go , ` ` the more the Merrier ' ' 	HIN
I AGREE 	ARA
today , we live in a society that offer more and more oppurtunity than to pass . today , more young study untill to @card@ year old and so we travel for go to the university . this break more time in the day . for example , I live in Como but I study in Milan , so everyday I must trevel from Como to Milan and I spend 2 hour of time ; and in the week-end I prefer to go enjoy myself or stay with my parent or my boyfriend . but @card@ year ago , there be not this : a lot of young work or in a factory or in a family ' hause and there wsa a stron regolament like go to the church every day , help the old people and serve the comunity . for example , my father be grow in a big family and he always help in the job him parent , ha work in a big society , he go to church and my father be enter in the politics word when he have @card@ year old and he be the first man of the country to the @card@ year old . today the young people that help their society be a little part ane in generally be poeple that their need of this for ti be happy . this be their dream . I know the poeple that help thier comunity but thier be the people that they study psicologic material or social material . I have help my comunity a lot of time : for the party of the country on the service , on the oratory like to animation woman with the child or in the montain holiday with the child . this be experience more important for me , for my formation and my feature . but , I agree with the follow statement that the yuong people nowdays do not a lot of time for help the 	ITA
in twenty year come all the car and vehicals will get less than today . the technology of have car and vehicals on the road will be diffecult to find on the road even if it be for the benifit of the creature , in other hand the increase on the number of people and even if there be a huge increase in citizan the decrease number of car for the goverment the problem will be in fine more number of car on the road without find the road to walk on it . To increase the pollution by increase the car accord to alimite number of car in my opinion the car will decrease instead of increase . . it could be exchange by big bus and transpotations , it could be exchange by train . which form the easy , cheap and fast transportation to the wokers even to the goverment ... for this it will be run in a certain way by buy ticket to use the train which will move from certain place to another place . . . and which will make it less traffic to us and to the road , it will solve the huge problem of the universal ( the pollution ) by use certain way to move it will give us less pollution and it allow us to control the sort of pollution in away . . WER have to look for the good and brenifit of our 	ARA
I , be a student for @card@ year now , feel able to juge and talk about the scholar system and in my opinion our scholar system concentrate too much on succes than on value . there be a lot of different subject and class you be participate as a student and in every class you be write exam . but often you do not have enough time to study for such an exam and therefore you just learn the most important fact by heart to succeed in the exam . but you forget the fact you learn by heart very quickly and after a few month nothing be leave anymore and you take only a minimum of what you have ever learn at school with you . this be not a very good preparation for life because at school you often only learn how to reproduce fact about a topic in a few day . by practice idea in an enjoyable way like in group work or role play for example you keep the essence and the main contence of a concept in mind . that way you do not have to feel under pressure to learn fact very quickly by heart , you can enjoy learn ! and if you enjoy learn you will take more essence with you . teaching concept and idea may content ideal way of behavior you could never teach with the help of fact . student can learn about value and strategy that be important for their future life . if they understand the background or the concept of something they learn they will always be able to reproduce these strategy of behavior in daily situation . and in my opinion this be the task of school . School should prepare all of the student for their future . it be up to a school to teach value and virtue because very often parent fail . it be sure that value can not be teach by give fact or by learn thing by heart . value can only be teach by practice them and therefore I agree with the statement that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . 	GER
` ` people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what theyalready know how to do well ' ' i agree with this statement because take new thing we can learn a lot adn become famous in what we be do . by try new thing we can know some thing new and discover new thing . for some people after take a lot of risk they may not get success and so they go on with there same work . I dont agree with this statement because with out trking new thing we can not move forward . for example : if the country be a develop country it remain a develop county for ever if they dont try new thing adn make there country a developed country . another example , if a person want to become a top ranker or become an engg he need to take a lot of risk to reach his destiny , by try different thing , think different and work on it . I think it will definetly give sucess to the person . an example for wich i disagree the statement , if a person be not work hard or not try anything different , then definetly he will not reach be goal and he can not he a successful person . similarly take sachin tendulkar , he be very poor in study adn be verymuch intrested in cricket . his fater take a lot of risk and start practise him cricket rather than give coaching in this regular study . so because of take lot of risk and try new thing now we get a world class cricketar , and india be very proud to have such a player . so this all happend just nothing but take risk and try new thing rather than countinuing this know work . so finally i say , ` ` the people who try different and like to take risk rather than do the same work will definitly get sucess and stand on top of all ' ' . 	TEL
we can always listen some old person that be not delight with the behaviour of young people . often old person say that young people be change , be very different to people of their time . these change can be find in all aspect of our life . nowdays young people have always a lot of thing to do , so i agree with the statement . nowdays young people have often a very busy life . almost all people of @card@ year go to university and sometimes they work too . infact work during the week be often a possible solution to resolve economic problem but at the same time it allow them to attent at school . then they play different kind of sport , they want to go out with their friend they also want to have time to relax at home . so they do not have any time to help their comunity or to do some social and useful activity . if i look for between all my friend i think that only a small part of them reserve part of their time to help comunities . i do not think that it ' S a right behaviour but i think it depend on our society also . the most important value of our society seem to be our carrer , to enjoy , to have a relax life . most people do not consider to importance of help people who live bad . even if i recognize the importance of these aspect i can also say that it be very difficult , also for me , manage to concetrate on these kind of people . i do not have enough free time : i have to study , i have to go to university , i have to go to work in the weekend or i have to clear my house ( i have be live alone for 3 year ) and so if i have free time i prefer go to shopping , or to the cinema . i do not think this be a good reason but 	ITA
I agree that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . the purpose of the adverstisements be to convince people to buy the product in a shot time . in the modern world there be so many message try to catch the attention of the people that reach this goal be not easy . the advertisement have to be really effective in order to be read and to drive the purchaising behavior . overstate the functionality of the product can be a mean to reach this goal . if we think to some advertisement and to the related product it ' S easy to find the difference between the picture and the descriptin of the product and the product itself . that mean that we be aware of the ` ` overstate techinque ' ' use by the advertiser and that we do n't fully believe in the message that they convey . I never expect the kitchen ' s clean soap to clean my kitchen as they do in the advertisement ! and I never expect the breakfast ' S biscuit to have the perfect shape they be show on every paper page an during every commercia ! we be all use to adopt a certain ` ` discount ratio ' ' while evaluate the advertisement message . the difficult think for advertiser be to balance the reality with the overstatement in their advertisement because if the message be too distant from the reality the risk be loose the client after the first try of the product . 	ITA
have a specific knowledge of a subject be definitely helpful for our career . however , know a broad knowledge can broaden our horizon and inspire us . so , what should people choose ? for a human being , child or teenager should receive as much as different kwoledge from different subject as they can . because from take various class , they can explore and understand the world more . which can assist them learn how to live in this diversitive world . also from that , they can get some idea about their interest and which subject they be good in . because of that , they can plan for their future and life . for aldutes , they should learn in particaular subjucts which can help them for their job . as new knowledge be be explore everyday . if their ability can not fulfill the requirement for their job or the society , they will be kick out or abundant very soon . for improve their ability and complete from other , they should concentrate in specific subject . different people have various need . To determine learn a wide knowledge or concentrate in particular subject be totally base on the personal need . there be no absolute answer . 	CHI
in my opinion , I think it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than the other . the reason why I prefer this one be that if someone be specialize in one specific subject , I think this person be quite boring person . let say he know very wel about the animal in the sea and whenever you meet with them . he talk only about thing that he be good at and nothingelse . as I be a listener of him , I would have very boring time . on the other hand , if you know broad knowledge of many academic subject , people who talk with think that you be very smart . you dont have to talk that much but little bit of information about many thing . Thats all you need . usually listener dont try to argue with you , unless they be professioners of what you be talk . of course it be also good to specialize in one specific subject . especially if you be teacher or doctor , anyone who teach or give advice . then the one specific subject would be very valuable . actually both personality be valuable and well than know nothing because you know something at least . I have one friend who be usually quiet . but when I let him talk about car , he didnt stop talk untill I change the topic . he be so interested in car and he like to spend his time for car . 	JPN
it depend on the situation , but there be a lot of situation that people should learn fact not just understand them . there be two example that support may opinion . One situation be when you play soccer . How well you study soccer rule or technique , you ca n't play it very well because you need experience of real game . many pro soccer player especially from Brazil play soccer without read text book in their childhood . they just play soccer for fun . many of them do n't study phycics around the boll . the other be when you drive a car . in my case , I study about car engineering for one month and I thougt I have enough knowlegde of car . however , when I drive a car first time , I coud n't drive it well . I think that to understand idea be not enough . so the most important thing be to learn something by use their body not only use brain . indeed there be some case that you need to understand idea and concept , but you can get that kind of knowledge when you learn it . 	JPN
help a community be a noble act . and I also agree that youngster today do not give enough time to help their own community . but it can not be completely attribute as lack of concern from the young people . there be several reason for this . the primary reason be that with so many activite go on parallelly in young people ' S life - study , project , assignment and other more important commitment that they be leave with very little time for themselevs . and so they prefer to concentrate that little time leave in their hobby or some other personal activity rather than help their community . with the advent of television and other medium ' S which have revultionised our life , we be concern so much more with what be happen around the world that we actually forget the problem immediately surround us . One of my neighbour ' S be addict to this one sitcom , which be play everyday night that he actually leave all his pend work and religiously watch the show . such be the impact of television on today ' S generation . also there be a grow trend among youngster especially among the college goer ' S that such activity be uncool and out of vogue . so some student deliberately avoid help a community even if it be against their conscience , just to show that they be cool . To be frank , i myself have witness this during my junior college year . this kind of thinking which be actually much more prevalent among the youngster in the urban area ' S need radical change . it be really a shame that youngster today consider such noble act as cheap and uncool . but there be some people in each community who after all this thing , dedicate some time to such work . 	TEL
in our century , advertising be everywhere . we have to deal with and to be aware of adverstisement ' S trick . To my mind , most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . indeed , the aim of an advertisement be to sell a product . that be why they be ready to say everythings which can convince you to buy it . people who do advertisement have not the due to say the truth , their goal be only commercial , not educative . so how can we trust adversting ? To illustrate this fact , we can take the example of Mc Donald . if we look an adverstisement for this restaurant , we can learn that meal be usually very dietetic , they be not bad for the health and picture of meal be really tease . but accord to the experience make on Mc Donalds ' food in Supersize me , we can see that , this food be not good for the health . To give another example , we can considerate make up advertisement . woman who play in these advertisment be model and if we put this make up , we will not look at the model . moreover , on her rimmel seem to be something very efficient but on we it do not have the same effect ! so the product work good on TV or on adverstisement than on the real life . it be usually the same for wash product which wash our clothes more white than white . we have to keep in mind that : advertising world be an i ; aginary world where everything be perfect . that be not suppose to reflect the reality . that sell we dream and that be what we buy when we buy a product after have see it advertisement . indeed all be facke on an advertisement , people on be retouch , they always seem happy , and think everything be delicious or amazing . To conclude we can say that , yes adverstisement make usually product well than they really be because there main stake be to sell something and not to be true . 	FRE
although young people tend to have more phisical advantage to enjoy life than old people , I disagree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than old people because of the follow reason . first , old people have more free time because they be retire . on the other hand , young people be busy in go to school , do assignment , and work to support their life . for example , now I be attend at a law school and I spend most of my timer for prepare claases . also , I do some part time job because I need money to socialize . however , my parent be retire and they spend most of their time to go to travel , plan for trip , and so on . second , old people tend to have enough budget to enjoy their life . for example , my parent love travel and they go to Peru and West Europe last year . I also like travel abrod , but I do not have enough money , so I end up travel domesticly by rent a car and stay motel . third , old people be more likely to have concrete object regard what they want to do in free time because there be many thing they could not do when they be work as a result of insufficient time . for example , my father ' S dream be to visit Peru which he could achieve because he be unable to get enough long vacation to go to abroad . it be true that young people be more healty and some old people can not do what they want because they can not move . there be , however , many oder people who be organize poem club or reading club and enjoy their life regardless of their immovability . in conclusion , old people be enjoy their life much more than youg people because they have more free time , more financial resource , and have stroger desire to do something they could not do when they be young . 	JPN
I think that there be a lot of young people which give a lot of time to help their community and therefore I disagree with the statement and I can give some reason and a lot of example . nowadays in Italy there be a lot of people which do civil service . it be a public no-profit organisation that do a lot of free service for the community and the people , which work in it , be often young man or woman . in addition there be many private organisation which do not have financial aid from the state and where people work without any wage . in these organisation there be also a lot of young people . I can state this because I have some friend and my girlfriend too which do it and I admire a lot for their choice . for example my girlfriend work as a volunteer in a first aid organisation and I know that a lot of service be do by it as healthcare to the elderly people or first aid when an accident occure and wounded people must be save . furthermore it be very common to view young people in these organisation when there be sport or music event . in fact , when there be in my city a football match , there be very often young people in first aid organisation , which be always present in these case . although I admire this choice and I would like to do it I can not do because I have a very hard university and so I do not have much time for begin this activity . in conclusion because of many example that I do in this essay , I can affirm that I disagree with the statement of the question and I can state that a lot of young people give time to their community . 	ITA
nowadays advertisement have a big impact on our life . they can be very infuencial on our decision and choice relate to the our shop . we can find them everywhere , on television while we be watch a movie or a show , on newspaper , on Internet and also on the street . sometimes when we open our mail box we find a lot of advertisement about for example restaurant and shop . not always what they tell describe the real quality of a product . in fact I think that often they make product seem much good then they be . sometimes for example we buy a product because we have hear so much about it and its incredible property but latter when we use it we realize that we have be stupid . in fact the product quality do not corrisponds with the description in the spot and furthermore we have problably spend more buying it instead of a similar product which be not advertise . in particular I believe that these advertisement be more powerful with child . in fact they usually ask their parent to buy a game or a pair of shoe because they have see them on television , they have be attract by the presentation of this product and they really believe that they can reproduce what be show on these advertisement . in conclusion I think that it be good to be a little doubtful when we see these spot . when we buy a product we have to be carefull because sometimes a common product which we have not ever see before can show the same property and quality of the one which be advertise . we will problably save money . 	ITA
opinion might exist over whethe most advertisement make product seem much better that they really be . personally , I agree with the above statement because advertisement be a method to maximize company profit . as well , the time for advertisement be dramatically short . To start with , the purpose of make advertisement be to attract their customer . today ' S society , many company exist , and many product be make by them . as a result , the company tend to draw people to buy their good . in this sense , advertisement be one of the good way to increase sell rate . to illustrate , everyday , people be surround by the numarable number of advertisement . To hold the people ' S attention , the function of good in advertisement be different with original function of it . my mother be a case in point . she often suffer from bad flu and buy medicine after watch medical advertisement . however , she always fail to find effective medicine for her flu . this be because every good in advertisement seem increasingly perfect for her , but they do not cure her pain . as a result , she have no choice but to buy new medicine . as illustrate above , most advertisement fake people in certain degree of function for more profit . What be more , the time of adverisements be dramatically short and company have to give people impression about their product in the short time . therefore , they have no choice but to make product seem much good than original . 	KOR
in today world of cut throat competition , advertising play a major role in increase the sale of any product . there be a large variety of product available in the market today . similar product be manufacture by many company . hence customer today have a variety of chooice . the difference in these similar product may be very minute . the advertising help in exaggerate this diffeences . take car for example . One car manufacturer may exaggerate about the spaciousness in the car by compare it to a lounge ambience in its advertisement . another car manufacurer in the same category may emphasize on the outer design of the car compare it with the aerodynamics of a spaceship . thus both the manufacturer have a sell point to be amphasized . but as the say go look can be decieving because all that glitter be not gold . there be so many instance in which the customer be fool into buy a product because of the galmour create around it through advertising . these instance be come to life almost everyday . there be many letter in the ` letter to the editor ' column of newspaper that highlight this point . let us consider a simple example of buy an apartment . One of my close friend want to buy a new apartment . he collect many brochure and visit many incomplete site of construction . he decide to finalize on the basis of the brochure comparison . the brochure of the apartment he zero on spoke about the spacious room , facility like gym , sauna , play park and many more amenity . after actually shift to the apartment he be surprise to see big spacious room accompany with lot of plumbing problem , no gym , the sauna without water in the pipe and so on . but if the advertisement hoarding be to be follow , this be a dream apartment . this be a common case for a large variety of product . go from the advertising point of view , the advertiser be pay to make the product look good even if they actually arent . take an example of a popular razor which show lead sport personality use it . this razor actually cause skin problem to a customer accord to a news paper . but the company that make this ad make profit and successfully help in sell the product . there be many more instance which help in support the statement that advertisement do make product look much good than they actually be and I completely agree with this notion . 	HIN
have broad knowledge of many academic subject prevent one ' s true learning , and therefore be not a reliable way to study , compare to specialize in one specific subject . when I be in middle school in Korea , student have much more subject to learn than in New York , where I live in now . we have to master Physics to Endineering , and have major test each term . study the twelve or more subject that I be suppose to get as high score as possible , I wonder if that type of study really help me to learn , and achieve what I need to survive in society . many of the subject , such as engineerng , cooking , or music in my case , be unatractive to me , and most of all , unnecessary for my future . many other student would have similar preoblem . also , it be very hard , or impossible , for a person to master such many subject . one may argue that in order to well adapt in our society , people need multiple number of field which one can do well . for example , in typical company , employee need to be good at claculating and annalyzing informattion , socialize with other people , which might require various kind of skill . however , if one try to maste too many discipline , it be more likely not to be helpful for one ' S career , because still , he/she need to be professionally good at only one discipline , which the person will be work on through out the career . the most ultimate reason for study many discipline be that it prevets one from truely learn something , no matter what it be . when a person have broad knowledge of many subject , it mean that he/she have no professional knowlegde abut anything . What be the use of know so many thing , when one know nothing really useful , valuable , and professional ? why should one struggle to have so many meaningless knowledge that everyone else can easily learn also ? there be no meaning nor fun to have broad and common knowledge of many subject . the fun of learn , and concentrate on one discipline sincerely and truely be at consume the subject which you love , and which fascinate you . 	KOR
I agree with this statement that it be much good to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject , because if you just one way to a solution , sometimes you can not be able to make a solution , so it be very important to have a broad knowledge . for example you be only able to write with your hand and you be not use to write on a pc , you will get in troble in many situation in daylie business live . an other problem can be , if you be specialized and someody want to dicuss an problem with you which be also imprtant for you to get aware of but you can not say anything because you do not understand what the problem mean to other . that be a big problem in our society , because everyone be kind specialize in one ' s own life and you often see only your problem whether other ' s have much more problemes . the next problem for specialized people be , that they normally can only do one job in their whole life . I think if you get rid of the job you do , it be much good to have the ability to change it and that will be much easy with an broad knowledge . but if you be specialize in one specific subject it will be very hard to get an other job without lose time by take course to ` improve ' one ' S knowledge . not to forget the money you can not earn in this period o time . as a result I would say that a broad knowledge give you much more quality of life and a high varety of job . 	GER
nowadays the car be connect to our everyday life so much more than any other way of transporting be . we often use car to go to work or to go to school , we use car in order to be somewhere else in the less time it be possible ; we use car also , and maybe first of all , for go out in the evening , when bus and tube be maybe full of no raccomanded people and somethings like that . . . on one hand car be for sure our good way of transport because it be easy to use and it need not to be in queue for the tikets for example , but I think that the real question be : be the car really the good solution , the well urban solution to reach a place , to go to somewhere ? or maybe would the car be one day a real problem in our everyday life , instead ? I think that the answer be that in a few year the car will be the bad way of transport because of the increase number of driver in the street , and most of all because of the incoming problem of the pollution ! accord to me , in the end , in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today as a natural consequence of the improving of our own life . I think also that my opinion be support by all those experiment that scientist and ingenieers be do in order to convert our way of move in a city with alternative way of transportings and also with alternative carburants maybe less nocives . for example I think that in the future our city will support much more transport by train than by car in order to move much more people at a time , eliminate problem connect with traffic and pollution . 	ITA
I disagree this idea . first , learn the fact be basical thing . if we enter the class which famous teacher make , we can not understand in real meaning . learn the fact make us wake up . we be student . we be cheep person . but we study fact , we can become the perrson who can have real thinking . secondly , understanding be discribing the way of thinking . we act on the basical thinking . Basical thinking can be affect by other person ' S thinking . belief be good example . person can only think about one way of thinking , he be very danger . Japanese student do not know real fact . and they tend not want to know the real fact . they know the fact be hard for themselves . they be runing away . because teacher should teach fact . we should pay attenntion to recieve fact . 	JPN
do successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ? I do n't agree with that . I think experience , time , and the high possibility of success be the main point to support my opinion . firstly , experience help people to be successful in do one job . if a person have a lot of experience on do one job , he can usually make the good decision when a problem come out . compare to a person who make a decision when he do a new job , he be unexperienced and have no idea which way have more benefit for him . so he can easily make a wrong or bad decision . so successful people would do what they already know how to do well because they have experience . secondly , we need enough time to make our job successful . work a job to be successful be a long process . a person who do a job which he already know how to do well , save a lot of time on understand basic knowledge of the job . then he can spend more time to make the job perfect and and make himself to be successful . finally , a person do a job which he already know how to to do well , he have a high possibility of success than those who try new thing and take risk . as we know , if we try a new job , we have no experience about that and have to spend plenty of time to understand the job . it be risky to do that because we might find out we be not able to make it successful after spend a long period time . on the contrary , if we already know a job well , of course we know what to do to make it successful directly efficiently . I disagree that successful people try new thing and take rick rather than only do what they already know how to do well , because they do n't have experience , enough time and a high possibility of success in do the new job . 	CHI
I always thinked about the day the I wiil be old without a particular fear . that ' S because I think that the experience gain during an intere lifetime can be useful to go throuhgh the problem more deeply . this broad vision of think , give by experience can definitely lead to a good quality of life . as an example I would like to talk about my grandfather : until the age of almost eighty year he enjoy his life . during his lifetime he have a lot of terrible experience , infact he go to the second world war and he lose his first son . All those experience give to him an additional strenght . I also think that to be an adolescent can be very hard because , in this sort of twilight , you still do n't know what to do when an important choice have to be do . on the other end , elderly people have gain the necessary experience to make ponderate and rational choice . as another factor that make me state that you can still enjoy life also if you be old be that , in modern day , there have be many improvement in medical field that , as a consequence , bring to an average good condition of elderly people . All those factor as a broad vision of think give by experience , a deep knowdlege of itself and the recents improve in health condition of elderly make me see my future year in an optimist way and make me look at future with no fear . 	ITA
I disagree with that article . it be imagine that there be some subject what i have to solve , i have to explain with several reason of support detail . and those reason be help the explain . for instance , i would like to deal with microwave . first , i should judge about the subject . i should have gradually motion if iwant to use the microwave . so i can think about motion how can i use the microwave . also , i have to deal with specific step . when i make the solution , i have to explain hte way more easily . for example , first step be what to do , second step be what to do . . . ect Inconclusion , All these reason be appear that the one specialize specific subject be good . so it be good to specialize in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge of many academic subject 	KOR
there different attitude toward take tirp . some people prefer to act individually and take trip by their own or by a coupl of close friend . on the other hand some people be defender of tour packeges and rely on tour guide . I personally think , take trip specially for strange and unknown place need a grest deal of information about such region . first of all , there many unpreditable condition which at first may seem so interesting whle practically it could turn into an unwanted disaster . for instance consider you want to go to a place which have hered alot about its breathtaking and spectaculatr view . you be tempt to take trip and visit that region . while trek you feel that you be attach to earth and could not move . suddenly you know that you be in the marshland . in such situation there be no remedy while you could visit there by a group . Furhtermere , in a group most of people could take more responsibality and all work be do more organise in comparison with individual action . by share different responsibilty and task no person will feel exhuasted and consequantle the journey will be more enjoyable for all . for instace in a climb one could prepare the food or one could carry the stuff . moreover , generally speak group collaborative action increse individual ' s sense of responibity and consequenty from scial aspect these people could become a good team player and in other soicial action they couldact ecffectively . To sum up there be many vitues in group travel . firstly , decrease the possibility of occure some dangerous and unpredictable event . in addithin share resposiblities among group member wil make traveler relax . Finall being in group stimulate people ' S sense of responsibilty for other social action in future . 	TUR
in my opinion , it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subejcts by number of reason . first , to know about many kind of thing be great influence for the future . when you get job , you will not do same kind of work for whole life . my father be priest and keep a kindergarden . he knoews about child because his major be teach in his college . after he left grduated the college , he go to another college and studyed about religion . he talk to so many people and have good activity and hobbys . second , you will be able to make good relationship with other people . there be so many people around you and everyone be different and have defferent interest . if you have only limit knowledge and if a conversation be not about the subject you know , the conversation may be boring for each other . finally , if you specialize in one specific subject , you will know about the subject very well . but so many thing will be limit such as job , relationship . i think it be not interesting to live . 	JPN
I disagree with the fact that young people nowadays do not give sufficient time to help out their community . on the contrary , their level of awareness about the plight of people around the world have increase from yesteryear and a grow number of youngster be lend a help hand to the society . today people be make a mark for themselves at very early stage of their life . young movie star , musician , sportspersons and the like of them be win the heart of million around them . in the process they be make million . but one can proudly say that a considerable proportion of their fund be direct towards charity . the ` ` Bill and Melinda Gates ' ' ' foundation be set up a long time back when Bill Gates be in his prime . the amount of work that have be put in by the then young couple be commendable when it come to talk about AIDS and cancer relief . although a middle age couple now , their work go on . if we dont talk about the celebrity and concentrate our attention on the school kid , we find that community service have start come more naturally to them . there be a sense of pride attach with reach out to the less previliged . child consider themselves to be hero of sort if they do a good deed and help out people . the fact that school and college have take a positive step by accord due importance to social work while consider admission be an added impetus . it prompt youngster to do their bit . even if do out of personal interest , it expose one to the joy of ` ` reach out ' ' and prod them to do more . one can cite numerous example of engineer and doctor who have graduate from ivy league college and can easily make big buck . but statistic show that an ever increase number of these graduate be turn their back to high pay job in favor of settle down in small village and town . All this because they feel a sense of attachment and duty towards their homeland and truly believe in alleviate the trouble of their nation . thus , the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to their community be unqualified and underrate the contribution of youngster towards build a good society . 	HIN
it be often say that tour guide with many people be the good way to travel because it be cheap and safe . however I strongly disagree with this opinion . this be because that feeling satisfaction through the trip and spending time well . first of all , people have to be satisfy with their trip . people usaully want to see , hear , eat , and feel what they want and have want when they be travel . however , in a group tour , people can not experience whatever they want because they have to follow their guide . for example , when I go to Paris for trip alone I unwillingly take part in a guide tour one time to go to museam . because museam entrance fee be cheap for group . unfortunately , I do not have satisfaction with the guide tour for museam , because there be so many people , so I could n't see all of them what I want to see and could n't get much information what I expect . in addition , travel individaully be good at spend valuable time . time can not return or use again , so it be very important how to use time . however , in a group tour , it be easy to waste people ' s valuable time . To demostrate , accord to the research at Harvard , individual trip spend time two time more effectively than grop tour . moreover accord to this study , people who travel individually be also more satisfied with their time consuming and whole travel . in brief , the good way to travel be in a individaul , not in a group because make feel good during trip and well time consuming . 	KOR
from past @card@ year one of the groom industry be Automobile industry . it show its impact on all part of the world . there be a gradual increase of car every where . I dont think that number of car will be reduce after some year . instead therewill be more number see than what today . they be palying major role in transportation . firstly , car be ragarded as status symbol for many people . they buy it just to show their status rather use it for some genuine reason . car seem to have drastical impact on every class of people stare from low middle class to upper class . so nowayo a car can be disappear . . Seconly they be consider to be more comfortble . car be preferd because it be easy to raech our destination rather wait for some public transportation . it dont give much stress and make people get relax when compare to other mean of transportaion . any time it can be use and make our work do in a cool way instaed of rush for other way . finally , now a day the price of car be also decline due to some reason . so they be affordble by even a middleclass person which again symbolise rise in the car population . be a car owner any person can make a plaln spontaniuosly and even implement it . like plan for a picnic . and example why anyone go for car be it may be use for all purpose both for official and personal thing . and car doesnt realease much of the gas and it be not the victim for pollution too . car not only serve as personally but they be even use as public transpotation like taxies . so car have its effect on every walk of man ' s life to reach the destination and to enjoy luxieries too . I conclude that i cant imagine road without a car as it carry many advantage . 	TEL
first of all I would like to make clear that the objective of marketing and publicity be to highlight the good side of the product they be present so the most natural thing be to find that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be but this be something relate to a consumer impression not to a advertisement creator issue . it could be a problem if the advertisement say lie during its presentation or present inexact information that could guide the consumer to a invalid choice . for example if a detergent advertisement present a cleaning proof , compare two type of detergentes , it have to present the truth result because there be law that protect the consumer against abuse and missinformation . because of this law the advertisement world have to be very carefull in the presentation of fact and image and they have develop . over the year , they have develop many tactic for say the maximun great thing about their product without tell a lie but make the consumer think that their product be the good when sometimes its not the case . for example , talk about beauty spot in the tv , everyday we can see that in the screen supermodels use creme and beauty product that they say put the skin or hair in an excellent condition but we be fool ourselves if we think that use that product it will make that we become as beautiful as those supermodels . that be not the fault of the advertisement guy because it be their work try to make their product the most desiderable for us . finally , consumer need to be realistic and critic with the actual advertisement world , puting in the balance all the concept and knowledge they have to determine if a product be as good as it be present . 	SPA
people be always tend to pursue the most that they may obtain . when it come to the aspect of knowledge obtain , the situation be similar . however , sometimes they have to choose whether to have broad knowledge of many academic subjets than to specialize in one specific subject . for myself , I will choose the latter , but will try to get some balance as well . Nowdays , knowledge be explode everyday , as a result , it be rather difficult for one to learn broadly and deeply at the same time . have broad knowledge seem attractive , but actually , it be not practical after the second thought . in the academic circle , there be expert and authority in almost every field , all of whom hold some specific research interest and accompishment of their own . if one just spend most of the time on learn knowledge of many subject , he or she may not have the time to do related research . besides , since it be quite easy to gain information currently , it be not necessary to know all , for if you want , you can look the need information soon . however , if one specialize in one specific subject , thing will be quite different , especially when he or she choose a valuable but rarely-touched field . under this situation , he or she will become the expert in this field and it be possible to do some quite profound research on it , which will be more benifitable if one know about a lot but really know little on each subject . as long as the researcher be willing to share their result , communicat to each other , and do teamwork when it be necessary , it do not matter whether all these researcher be able to have broad knowledge . at the same time , to keep some balance , it be also important for a researcher to know some basic knowledge on related subject , which could broaden the eyesight and inspire him or her fresh idea . besides , this will not waste too much time . To sum up , generally , I think it be good for one to specialize in cetain subject , but it will be good to know some concern knowledge at the same time , which can make the work most effectively . 	CHI
I agree with the statement . it be more important to understand the idea and concept . learn the fact without understand the bottom line of it do n't make sense . it do n't help people to improve themselves and derive the point from the fact . for example learnin about science , if we do n't know the basic idea behind the fact we never get the connection between the releated fact . besides if we dont teach our student the concept behind the fact we would just develop a banch of encylopedias for future not an efficient and smart generation . they have to know reason , factor , consequence and development about the fact . only know the fact do n't stand for much . there be some before the fact and there be some after the fact . if they know both part , it make sense and draw a picture in their mind . it will fly and never stable in mind without it . also it be really necessary for student to know concept behind the fact to make it easy them to understand easily . think about it . when they be learn gravity , if you dont explain the factor , reason and just tell them the ground pull us through what they would understand . probably nothing . in conclusion , human always look for reason , result and factor . they want to know why ? so for student it s important to know idea and concept . 	TUR
I do agree with follow statement . I think it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . All the subject be important in my life and I ' m sure there can help my future plan , like to pass the test for university , to find the goodest job . I have two more reason for it . first , I think it be nice way to study many academic subject . I will write my experience as a example . now I be study many subject in the high school , and I like study all of them . it be very fun to study many subject and increase my knowledge . the English class express my speaking , history class express listening , and I be enjoy communicate with my friend during other class . All the subject have different advantage . therefore I want to study all the subject and I think it be bore to do only one subject . second , it be not vain to have knowledge of many academic subject . we can use our knowledge everywhere . when we take the test for university , and when we find the job after graduating . all of the subject be useful . recently , some people be thinkking that it be not important for childern to study extra subject like physical education , music , and art . however , it be all important , we can know how fun it be and enjoy do these . I think it be important to enjoy the subject , not just study demand subject like English , Math , Science . the extra subject also express our knowledge and it will be useful in our communication . for these reason which I mention above , I support the passage that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . it will expand our thought and it will surely useful in our life . To study many subject be very fun . 	JPN
in my opinion , I agree this statement . I think that number of car will dicrease at least around in next decade . there be a few reason for it . first , recently concern for environmental pollutions be get high . of couse , it do not cause of only car , but the great number of car apparently affect to air and water and so on . moreover , in our daily life car be very notivable ellement to environment . second , from aforesaid first reason , the number of prietors be not increase like before . for example , my parent think it as a dream to buy car when they be young . now , I be almost same age to them at that time , but I do not need any car . I do not feel necessary to it . the meaning have car be changinng more than before . third , many vehicle have develop very well , so we can go anywhere by use them , such as train or airplane or ship . moreover , although there be not only one company but also a lot of company offer their vehicle with compete , we can use them cheap than before . some people may disagree with my this opinion . the market of motor car be still now storong , therefore it never decrease theis number . of couse , in Japan also , the market be still now vegorous . if I watch TV program , I can see a lot of commercial through the time . even now a lot of people may be purchase their new car . but I think that recent main stream have change ovbiously , that be to say , recently the most moticable stream be new type of car that never excharge any pollutant . in addition , eco-car be famous and popular , which use not nonrenewable resouces , petrileum , but electricity . I think that this show our view have change from before . therefore , I agree this statement that recently few car be in use . the number of car will change into few . 	JPN
fact can be research by student in order to improve their knoledge about an idea . there be several way to support the statement that be more important understan idea and concept than acquire knoledge of fact . Science requiere student to think constantly and develope a critic way to think . for example , for a lawyer it be more importante to learn how to think logically than learn a set of law in order to be sucesfull in his carrier . a set of law can change withe one period of Congress ; this will leave the give lawyer who just learn a set of law obsolet . he will need to go to university to learn again the set of law to be usefull in his field . fortunately , this be not the way that lawyer learn about their carrier , most of the knoledge adquired at a law school be to think logically . even with a cange of legislation a lawyer still be a lawyer . however , there be allways the requirement to be update with tecnology and new researchs to be succesffull in any give carrier . for a historian there be no discution that be require to learn fact . the same concep do not apply for a doctor . there be allways the necesity of improve proceces to evolve with socity . this be the reason that university develop research department . if socity do not make research there will be no progress in many industry . in order to achive progress stdents make research to understand idea and concept . if their noledge be base just on fact they would be no able to discover new theory . for example , all the improvement in telecomunications . Thank to the understanding of idea and concept student have improve the Internet telephony make ship to call long distance . finally , will be imposible to socity to progress if we just waste time to learn fact . like in a picture , socity will be static with no improvement , like the Menonites that like to live in the past ignore the new opportunity that idea bring . 	SPA
I agree with that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . first , student must learn what it be mean . they totally understand the definition , concept and the idea . for example , if a student do not know the definition , he or she could not prove the theorem . he or she could not combine the two different problem to solve . if it be not know what the plus mean , it can not be say one plus one equal two . second , know the reason or reason , show the path that go the fact . student always seek the reason beyond what they see . only the learn the result do n't enough . they have to ask where be this come from ? I think , to do something important we expand our vision and dig deep than ever . we would expose undiscovered thing only when we do n't limit ourselves with the give fact . 	TUR
I ' m not so sure that be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . I think that this statement be quite generic and incomplete . if it be refer to historical study , it could be accettable . for example , it be more important for a student tho understand why the world war have occur than the specific fact and date link to war ' S history . and this example could extend to the general comprenshion of the actual world ' s politic situation . but without know fact it ' S difficult to make a personal idea on an argoument . if we take for example scientific field we have to refuse this statement , it ' S impossible to discuss about a scientific idea without know the specific fact ( rule , law , property ) connect to this idea . so , my personal opinion be that there be n't a division between fact and concept , they be strongly connect . ( here we could open a philosophical discussion about fact and judments in kant ' S theory ) i suggest to the other student to make sure to know very well a fact before give an opinion , and to investigate a fact before accept other ' S opinion . this problem involve the eternal problem of the historical fount : scholar have to believe in historical narration whithout the real possibility to control themselves the truely of a fact on the contrary , the figure of the critic should be an example of a person who can see and study a fact and than give his opinion about that fact . so , in order to give a correct and credible opinion about something , be very very important to study the fact themselves . 	ITA
I agree that Young Peoples enjoy life more than old people do . my first point which be most important be that , they be young . since they be young they have lot of energy to enjoy by the way they want . for example , if someone think he enjoy his life by play some outdoor game , when he have a plenty of time . now , if thinker be young person he can just grabb his stuff to play & go on . but suppose this come in a mind of an old person thats not possible easilly because he have to remind quick what kind of restriction his doctor make on him . also other point be lack of energy . he may not be able to perform that task even if he will enjoy in out door game . he have to compromise with thing like just watch T.V or have family dinner party , an easy way of enjoyment all old people prefer . also second thing which support my agreement be , travel or trip which lot of people like & good way of enjoyment . when all the friend come together & make a plan for a long trip , be easy for youngster because they be able to face all the kind of problem start from weather change to walk a mile away by foot when there car be out of fuel . but in case of old people they need support in such kind of situation . they can not face as youngster can . they need there medicine ready while weather change happen & even though they be preprepaired , they be not sure that there body can respond well . so , basically young people can enjoy there life more than old people as they have enough enery to enjoy by the way they want . but old people also have so many way to enjoy there rest of life . as , at one time when they be young they also have fun . 	HIN
I totally agree with the statement give above . first of all , advertisement only show the advantage of a product and not the possible disadvantage . I make this experience for my own for quite a several time . I remember the first advertisement of the IPod from Apple . the customer really get the feeling , that the IPod be not only a simple music player in a good look design , but even that it be the most handy player on the market . I be one of the first people who buy an IPod but after a short period of time I be a little bit depress about my decision . the advertisement do not show , that for example it be only possible to change the recorded music with one single software program and only one computer at once . I have still get the IPod , but in fututre I will be well inform about the feature of a product , before I buy it . furthermore , quite a lot of product do not aim the characteristic in the way the advertisement show . a good friend of mine be work in the marketing business unit of a company , which be do the advertising for different company . it be allways very intersting and funny when we be get together for a drink and talk about our job . Everytime it be the same that he tell me about new of his customer and their product . my friend and his collegues sometimes do not even see one advantage of a product which should be advertise by them , but it be their job to present the product in a kind of way that people have the desire to buy it . as I have show above , advertisement do not allways show the truth about a product and put much well light on it than it be . I make these experience for several time and I learn from this . I think everybody should be aware of , that the product she/he buy be perhaps not as perfect as the advertisment of the product show . 	GER
from the new article , I hear about the successful person who try new thing and take risk . it talk to me about the one of good way to succeed in our major be use our imagination for new thing and try risk . also , I agree this opinion , and want to talk about more detail . first , I want to talk about new thing . when I be grow up , I hear many successful people ' S storey such as Adison and Nobel . those people be accomplish their dream to use their imagination to try new thing . in addition , it be base on our civilization ' s development because people always want to have good , interesting and convenient thing , so from the invention of new thing , they will buy those and satisfy . in other word , invention of new thing can get more money , and sometimes we can get a fame . as a result , it a good way to be a successful people . the second reason be base on the take risk . risk be dangerous in our life . for example , if we fail to make some good new thing , we will lose all of thing such as house , family and the other thing . however , if we prepare it before risk be start , we can reduce . in addition , there be no risk about new thing , we can not create new thing because always new thing be relate some risk which be dangerous in our life . although , sometimes we can figure out risk for our successful , we try to make new thing . moreover , we have to take care of ourself , and always we have to prepare some bad situation . for prepare the bad situation , we can reduce on the damage , when some risk be happen . in our life , we always demand new thing than before . even if it can take risk to the person who try new thing , it be a short way to be a successful person . sometimes , from overcome the bad situation , we can be important people . for these reason , I would like to say that try new thing and take risk help us to be a successful person . moreover , those behavior make us positive and considerable people . 	KOR
today , many advertisement be make much product . and they be make profit more than what they suppose to have . and there be couple reason for it . first reason be , most advertisement have some kind of bubble . the bubble what be I talk about be , the bubble which make advertisement look more fency and more valuable . for example , they be entertain themselves so they can show their appearance to people so they can make people think those advertisement be really good and support those advertisement . another example be , they be use the Commer show . many people be spend time for watch the Commer show when they be watcing the television . and most advertisement be use Commer show and entertaintment . so , most advertisement can make product seem much good than they really be . second , they be help each other and make more profit by information or some of help . and they be entertain each other to the other people who do not know about those advertisement really much . so they get more people and they get more profit and product more than what they suppose to have . many advertisement be make product much good than what they suppose to make . however , I think it be one of the skill for them . and advertisement be one of member for cycle of economy . so , I think those be not that bad except some of the other thing that so many bubble . 	KOR
the student ' teaching method be very controversive between the approach focus on the fact and the other more base on the concept and the idea . I agree with the statement that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact for three main reason : understanding idea can help the student to understant fact , it be easy to learn fact individually , understanding idea allow the student to develop its own reflexion and criticism . firstly it seem to me than when a student understand idea and concept than will help it to understand the fact . indeed it would be not very interesting for a student to learn a succesion of fact without know why these fact be happen . for example the history fact be numerous and it be impossible to keep all of them but if you understand the idea of an special historical event you can learn good all the fact that be associate with this event . secondly I think that it be easy to learn the fact individually than understand idea and concept . as a matter of fact , the professor can give to their student key that will help them to understand the idea . at the contrary the fact be not difficult to understand and also the support of the professor be not indispensable . the professor can illustrate the fact with personal experience and therefore make them more interesting but he will not change the fact . finally , I believe that the understanding of idea and concept for a student be the basis of the development of its own reflexion and also to have criticism . by identify the structure of a conceptor a idea , the student can develop its own idea and build also a think system . for instance a student that understand well a special philosophy concept can do its own theory about the concept . To conclude I can say that the understanding of idea and concept be the most important part of a student learn process , even if it be not unnecessary to learn fact but not as the first priority . 	FRE
advertising be create in order to make people buy thing . nowadays , competition be very significant between brand and each brand have to struggle in order to convince people to buy their product . marketing department deal with that . as for me , I do agree that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . because of globalisation , we can nowadays find almost whatever we want in each country and more particularly in developped country . which imply that competition be very rude since there be so many product available for customer . the choice be huge and how can we decide which product to buy when we do not know them ? as a consequence , brand launch many advertising campaign . they do their good in order to do the good campaign . Thank to advertising technique , they enhance their product as much as they can . because they need to have the product that would the most catch people ' S attention usually , when someone look at a billboard or watch a commercial on TV about a new food product , it be so well promote that we be most of the time very interested by the product and we be very excite to go and test it . but we be unfortunately often disappoint . indeed , if I take the example of a new burger launch by McDonald , the burger will seem very very good in picture . however , when I will go and try it , the bread will be too dry , the cheese will not have the same aspect . . . and once again , I will wonder why thing be almost never the same as in the advertising . advertising agency usually deal with significant budget and they use amazing technique sometimes to enhance the product . not only , the aspect be not the same , but also the feature be not what they tend to be . actually , some product ensure to do this or this and when you try them , the result be not the one you be expect . finally , I would like to add that this do not only occur for product but it also happen for famous people . most of the star you see in magazine be gorgeous but in the real life they be not the same , you can be very surprise . All this be due to the marketing that make everything or evyone be perfect . 	FRE
it be a difficult question because i think that every aspectof study be important for student . i am not agree in total with the statment that say that be good for student to undestand idea and concept than to learn fact , because i think they have the same importans in a development of young people . in general i think that it be important for student to understand idea and concept because it be only with this passage that they can have theirs opinion and idea , but at the same time it be also important to learn fact because with the knoledge of process of the fact people can do what it be be right in the past and do not what be dangerous or wrong . for example i thaink that the concept of peace can be good undersand if you know history , in fact with that matter you understand that war give people only poverty , difficulty and not good thing . i think that it be easy to understand concept if you have a real invironment in some fact . the idea and concept , with the study and learn of fact give us a strong base of our education and it be important for a good future improuvment . finally i think that both of this aspect be important for a good development of young people , so student have to undestand idea and concept 	ITA
I agree that it be good to have broad knowlenge or many academic subject because this give you that experienres to talk with deferent type of people also can be help you in look for a good job . One of the good thing about have a good broad knowlenge be that you have the change to talk with different type of people . know or have expirence or be specialize different topic give you the possibility of talk and dicusts with different people of different knowlenge and idea . a good example can be you be in one convesion about Organic Chemestry adn you know about this topic you can ask question or get in to the big diccution with the other specialist on the case . this will give a good impresion to the other poeple and make more friend or nowing more . another that be good to have a broad knowledge be that you can get a very good and well pay job . today in our society big institucion and company be look for people who be very smart or have good undertending of something . if you can have good understanding and know what that thing that good company ask you to do you can have a very good fundametal job . for example , today be really exencial to use a computer . well , if you now who to work the computer and who to work many program in the computer you can have a good pay job and secury . today be really good to know about different topic or different issue because this new society be change really quit . To have broad knolenge in htis new sociaty can help a lot to survive or even to have get undertanting in what all this new vocabulary be about becaue many people who study only what thing can sometime they do not nothing about other topic . 	SPA
advertisement often tease the pospective customer with the new , most advanced and simply cool good or service . To be unique in a diverse market environment it be literally inevitable to cheat the buyer . advertisement have to have a short and stong message . due to this briefness it be impossible to present the product in an appropriate and honest way . consumer who buy a product which be advertise as reliable or easy to use often be unsatisfied with what they finally hold in their hand . but who be to blame ? of course the company be present the product in the well possible way , that ' s what I would do too . on the other hand we , the customer , do n't want to hear lenghty advertisement in which product be explain in detail . the phenomenon of wrongly advertise product be not a new one . in my opinion people should be clever enough to know that company say whatever it take to sell a product . for example when a cellphone be advertise the commercial could say : the good cellphone ever build . this statement , of course , can not be prooved by anyone . therefore we have an exageration and probably even a false statement . another example be food and drink . How can a commercial seriously say : the most delicious burger ever . a customer who buy and try it ultimately have the expectation of a great burger . but what if he do n't like it . this mean the advertisement industry be neither able to shape our taste nor to advertise product in a proper way . so far I have be describe the black sheep among the advertising company . Nonetheless there be company who present their product honestly without exaggeration or even lie . especially when comparison be make the customer can be sure to watch a good advertising . in the end it ' S all up the the prospective custome whether a commercial be believe or not . 	GER
I agree with this statement which be that , ` ` most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . ' ' I feel this way because if we go for the product by just look at the advertisement then we can not really judge a product just by sit at home and look at an advertisement . first reason that think that advertisement do n't at all make product good than what they be , be that , what we see can not be true or a right thing most of the time . for example an adverisement on tv show about a new car launch by some xyz company . well to buy a car we really need to go out to a showroom and have a look at it as well as test drive it . but just by look at an ad we ca n't predict the way in which a car would be handle at severe turn and bend . well secondly nowadays a lot of advertisemnt endorse be do by popular face like the actor sportsman and so on . well i see an advertisement of a bike recently on tv . this bike be endorse by rise sportstar . in my hometown a lot of people by see this advertisement go to the showroom and buy that bike . Well i certainly know from the response from which iam hearing about the bike from my fellow friend be that the bike be n't even worth a penny . it be so poorly design . the electronics the engine be the major problem concern that bike . now my friend be complain to the dealer about their sorry state . so i do feel that by just follow an advertisement one should not loose his normal sense and end up buy false product . additionally people who be make these advertisement about the product as well as those endorse these product do they really use these product ? well it seem to be an interesting question . for example an actor in my hometown be endorse a product of personal computer and laptop . but recently at a film production unit my friend do see him use a laptop of another brand . this mean that he be sure that the product which he be endorse be unreliable . mostly we would not find all of the above people who make these advertisement , use these product . they would be use product from more famous brand and reputed one . hence we should not always look at an advertisement an buy the product . in conlusion to the above mention point i firmly believe that today advertisement be no more than a fake piece of information that be show on television to make money out of the innocent people . thus i believe that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	HIN
I disagree , because population be increase day by day in the world . it be connect with car also . car companys pruducting a new car every year . when I analyse the traffic every car have one people transport . every family have two car minimum . because car price also decrease and people earn money moch more before . government must solve this problem but nobody dont do anything . government investigate to underground and bus system . for example Istanbul be a huge city . there be @card@ million people live in istanbul . also there be 5 million car in our city . but Istanbul have not a underground metro network . also bus be very old to transportation . also taxi be not chipher . because of all of this point people choose to buy a car and use it daily wok . I think this be a general problem all of the world . the another point that be old car in the traffic . there be lot of old car in the traffic that be more than @card@ year old . these car try to work successfully and try to transport people . in this case it be need to establish new law for traffic on the county . for use a car , it must be prohibit for more than @card@ year old car I think . also the scientist reserch that for try to work a car with electricity ennergy or walther . if it will be possible , I think car population also grow up . in the world oil price very high right now . but electricity or wather be so free / 	TUR
although some people think the idea that it be important for student to learn fact , I think understanding idea and concept be important for student . there be two reason for this : the ability of concentration , maintain the memory . To begin with , to learn the fact be easy . I think only listen to the lecture can say people be learn . this be all people can do . however , understand idea and concept be not easy . for example , when I understand the idea of some theory , I should study very hard . therefore , understanding be equal to study very hard . it be improve the one ability of concentration . in addition , the thing that people spend much time to understand be not easy to forget . for instance , the theory that I only listen to at the science class be forget soon . however , I study by readng the book about the theory very hard after class , and then I do not forgat for a long time . for these reason , I agree the statement that it be i 	JPN
I agree , it be the good way to travell in a group lead by a tour guide because in group the tour may be fulfill with full of fun and joy . one can always feel boring to travell as accompained . the tour in group all together can fall like one family as brother , sister , uncle grandfather and grandmother . so there we feel very happy by spend with all the group people and there be no worry as there be a guide who help and show all the location all the way . in group there be no need of a security problem no feeling of lonelyness . in group we may have many concession in the fair and some package which be offer at low rate this be an advantage for travel in group . the good example when i ' m in high school we have a tour to NewDelhi in meanwhile we enjoy all the way in the train by sing song , dance and comment one another . after reach there we in group visit all the tourist spot and spend very jolly . it be the time when I visit the same location alone and i feel very bad , even not intrested to see all the place . another reason be the people with whom do we like to have the tour may be always busy or unable to have time to come with us . so we never feel miss them when we move in group . we dont know the time spend with them it be like a magic me may forget all the thing and move to the new world of dream . Everyone like to visit all the place , bu mostly they think about the travel time and the expences . if we travell in single the expences will be more we should spend moreon the comodities for our need . in the group travellin expences for person to person may vary as the number of person be incresaing cost for head to head may vary . so within the low budget , with security , with company we may have our tour sucessfully with lot of joy and happiness . 	TEL
in spite of the benefit of learn fact , I believe that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept . there be three main reason why I have this opinion . in the first hand , I support the idea that understand idea and concept in a field ( for instance economy ) give a overall comprehension of this field and the process that can occur in that field . thus , it allow graduate student that come into the labor market to meet the requirement of numerous job even if they do not study certain characteristic of some task . then , I have the belief that when a student have well understand idea and concept in a field , he be then able not only to understand the new event that can take place in this area , but also to learn itself from this fact . finally , from my perspective , the fact be widely dependant from the time and the condition in which they occur . consequently , an event that take place in a certain situation or a certain country , for example a major worker strike in France before a change in political majority , can not be interpret than one in Bangladesh during a very harsch time . Futhermore , fact may be link to a fashion in the way of thinking or the way of product good . an illustration of this idea could be the the fact that an American citizen sell a lot of French foie gras because he like that at a certain period , but still not do that because of a change in both the relationship between the American government and the French one , and the way to consider the treatment of the duck . however , I admit that learn fact may help a understand concept either not concrete at all or a little difficult . as a conclusion , I think that it be both more important and useful for the future life for student to understand idea and concept . nevertheless , learn fact can sometimes be necessary . 	FRE
it be a challenging question that whether it be good to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . first of all , I want to mention that both of them be good but it be impossible to be the good in many academic subject . in my opinion , unlike have a broad knowledge of many subject , be the good in one specific subject be much more valuable . I think that the specialization in one specific area can give person much more advantage when we compare it to the broaden knowledge . for example , if you have only broaden knowledge about many subject , this tell people that you be not a qualified person . it only make you more intellectual but spacialization be require in order to have a good job opportunity . today being intellectual do not enough in order to live well . unless you have any specialization , you can not earn good amount of money . moreover , be specialize can be see as the reflection of the success . you can be the most successful person in your specialized area with research and work more and more . for instance , you can be a well know scientist or professor in your field . this be impossible for the person who have a broaden knowledge in many area because life be short and you do not have lot of time to learn the everything about every subject . instead of this you should use your time in one area which can make you the good . in order to summarize , as I mention in my essay , I am disagree with the idea that it be good to heve broad knowledge of many subject . accord to me , be the good in one area be much well than have a broaden knowledge . specialization be not only the chance of the good position but also the reflection of the success . 	TUR
in my opinion in some case it ' S well to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject , instead , in another case , it ' S well to specialize in only one or two specific subject . I think that at the primary , secondary and high school it ' S well to have a generical knowledge , like what be actually in use in the majour state of the world ( I belive and I hope it be truth ) , than to specialize in only one specific subject . here we have a thirteen generical year knowledge and I think it be not bad ! I think that when we arrive at university it be right to specialize in only one or two specific subject because actually we live in a world where everyone think to be able to do everythihg but this be not the truth ! I think it ' s important to be a very good professionist in one thing to be different from the mass . in Italy ours university be not good able to prepare student for the work world and when we finish school , after EIGTHTEEN year , we be not able to work and we have to wait another two or three year to be consider by big agensy , Compa 	ITA
this be a tipical statement that show a view of the world in which young people refuse responsabilities and problem have fun in their community while old people , grow up , lose this sense of fresh and spontaneous life . this statement be know in our society probably because we be use to see young people studing , not work , and take part to many activity , something as sport or community initiative . so for us become old mean adapt to the rule that civil society , good manner and behaviour require . this passage have always be see as the increase awareness of what surround us , with all the problem and responsabilities . probably for that reason old people be consider more serious , understanding , but also sed compere to the brave and spontaneus behaviour of young people . anyway my personal opinion be that time be change and today our world offeres a lot of opportunuties and mean to old people in order to mantain reactive body and mind . there be many case of no more young people that be consider example of our society and I think that this show the change now expained . I know many people old that me that enjoy and love life as me , because they love their work or they have start some interestig activity that enable them to be active and positive . in conclusion I can resume my essay say that in the past probably I would agree with the statement , but today both young and old people know how to enjoy their life , even if the 	ITA
in general , young generation enjoy their life more than old generation do . this be because young people have knowledge or skill to adopt now . old people be difficult to do that . but , the old people have the time to adjust world , and they must have enjoy at that time . so , I agree that young people enjoy life than old people do . in fact , I be in Yong generation right now . I , of course , enjoy my life . go to school , exrcising body and explore new world be all enjoyable for me and other young people . for do them , pioneer spirit , health body and motivation for get new thing be require . however , it be heavy task for olders . among them , some people be still have those power , but most people tend to be less motivated . for example , my grandmother do not want to do anything except for her rutines which be to take care of household or talk to only similar people in day . One time , I ask her to travel with my family . but , she refuse even if she be very healthy . she just do not want to leave her house and nomal enviroment she spend with . on the other hand , we young people do not be afraid of new life or enviroment because we have a lot of dream for new world . it make us more enjoyable than the olders . I think that the olders ought to have interest to enjoy their life . it might help them to suit society and public . if they do not do that , only thing they have be that they spend rest of their life unhappy or boring . To avoid this situation , they should try to have interest . 	JPN
some people believe that it be good for the student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . they think that student get benefit by study other idea and concept and use it as a derictory in thier life and thier educational jaurny , they may use as an example for that the old concept about the shape of the earth and how it have be hold until it be aproved . I totally disagree with this concept for many reasos , first of all this concept and idea might be wrong so it be rediculous to make student hold them . in contrast , we can let them develop thier win under our opservation . also , some of these concept be harmful , for example , it be untill recently in my cultural background , poeple inheret and believe the storey about how sertain tribe member be able to come back after thier death . the third reason oppose this concept be that student be the futre . at the time they will be in charge , they need thier win idea and concept to deal with it because the every new day the world change . in conclosion , I disagree with the statement because of variation of the relibilty of the idea and conceps content , the posibility of it be harm , and to allow them develop their own . 	ARA
young people nowadays have much more thing want to do than before . they have to learn more thing to fullfill the demand of their life . besides , young people have much more social activity like go the movie , travel and some thing like these . on the other hand , most young people do not have their life goal . they do not know what be really important in their whole life and just spend their time on TV or PC game . all they do be to spend their valuable time on somthing unvaluable and it be a pity for them . actually , we can find young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their comminities . due to the modernlization , the parent bring their child with them to city to find the job . when them go work , their child just leave at home or send to the baby-garden . those baby ca n't find their model who give enough time to help their community and all their know be to enjoy their life and have fun . there be on doubt about parent always the model for their child . that be the reason why young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . besides , the public medium always deliveries error massage to young people . All the medium be talk about have fun . it be also another reason for this problem . in conclusion , young people will need more education and training to teach them to give enough time to help their community and the parent also should be train to be a model . the public medium also need to make some good program to teach the young about their social responsibility . accord to these activity , we can eventually find young people nowadays give much time to help their community . and we will have a good world than before . 	CHI
the issue at hand be that be it good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialise on one subject . this be important becauseit make us know what student be actually interested in . Ipefer it be good to specialise in one subject rather than have broad knowledge of many academic . first reason to support my statement be that when we concentrate on many academic subject we could not concentrate well on all of the subject . and we can not do well in all the subject . when you take one specific subject and specialise on it you could concentrate well on the subject and can do justification to the subject . for this reason I think my choice be superior . secondly , by specialise on a specific subject make you learn many new thing without any difficulty . and you can focus more on a single point in a good way . by research on the subject you can discover many new thing in that subject . for example many great prople such as Einstein devote his entire life to a specific subject in which he be interested and many discovery in that field such as mass energy equivalance theorem e.t.c therefore from this reason I support my choice be good . finally , all the people would not be interested or capable of learn all the academic subject . for example if somene be force by something to learn a subject in which he donot have interest he can not learn it in a proper way . so it be good to specialise in one subject in which he have interest instead of learn all the subject . so accord to the above reason mention it be good for a student to specialise in one subject in which he be interested rather than learn all academic subject . 	TEL
I agree with this statement because it be a fact and even I be a youngster who be enjoy life . but if we consider the position of the old they might not have much strength in their body and even in their mind to enjoy their life by visit other place , friend , relative and many entertainment place to spend their life . an youngster can enjoy his/her life by with his/her friend , go out , go to school , college , job but the old may not get this oppurtunity . old people may not have patience , interest in particular thing so many old people prefer spend their life in their home or in their guest house play with their grandchild . though go to school , college might not be interesting to few youngster but in my point of view it be still an interesting part of our life which if we miss we can not get it back ever . study new thing be very interesting rather than sit at home chat with the neighbour and watch TV . and I guess most old people spend their time in chat with anothewr old person and even watch TV . old people might not enjoy the new technology and new invention which an youth might be enjoy . I guess that even old people in those day might not have good education than this generation and might have miss many fact and detail which ths generation know about it . I hope that the advantage I have list above be also a part of enjoyment in eveyone ' S life . I hope that youth in today generation be in a good working condition than the people at the past . even that be too a enjoyment which the old people miss out becuse people in those day must have work hard and toil a lot but now we have machine for everything which make our job lot more easy . thus I conclude that young people enjoy lifr more than old people do . 	TEL
yeah i totally agree with this statement because what be allow the car to turn on be the gas and the gas be get more and more expensive because of the decrease of the worldwide gas ressources due to overexploitation . everybody know think about how we be go to substitute gas , some solution be there but they be to expensive butwhen we will find an appropriate and non polluant fuel it will come out with new automotives it will be a revolution . nowadays car reject too much carbon into the atmosphere and it s very bad for our planet , car pollute too much and we can t keep on pollutinglike nothing will happen , people will realise how bad be they car for the atmosphere end everybody will prefer to have a bike or a non polluant automotive vehicle . the technology allow us to build these kind of car but the reason why the car builder ain t generalize this kind of car be because now the governements and people don t really see how fast carbon damage our planet but if we keep on pollute wiyth our car like ther s no consequence in something like @card@ year the effect will be more violent and will happen more frequently and that will make everybody want to stop pollute before it s too late . car be be ban everywhere in the world . . . for example in paris the mayor close many of the city road to the car and open it to the bus in oder to force people to take public transportation and let them car home , in mexico city it s bad because there you can use your car only once in the week , the government do that to decrease air pollutiobn because mexico be one of the most polluted city in the whole world . car be too much pollute and it s go to get more and more expensive just to put gas in it so in the next year i m sure you will see new kind of automotive 	FRE
the statement content that in twenty year the number of car in use will decline . I do not agree with the claim . accord to me , the number of car will continue to increase thouh there might be a change in the technology which they use . as the population continue to grow , so be the need . and , car be emerge as a basic need of the world today . technological advance have make the dream of a common man , to own a personal car , true . the rate of the car have never be so low , and this sharp decline of price will continue as the technology progress . this would further encourage their sale in the near future , as more and more people will be able to afford one . in early time , car be mean only for the main member of the family , the earning head . while today , even child and other family member use car for their personal need . moreover , nowadays , the two-seater sedan be in vogue . this mean that if a family of four member use a single car today , they may go on to use two 2-seaters in future . Futhermore , the other mode of conveyance like the bus or the three wheeler generally cause more pollution than that generate by the car . nowadays , car have be manufacture which use electricity or solar energy to run . the availibility of such car at affordable price will help , to some extent , check the , so call , never-end pollution problem , and hence will be support by the government of any nation . however , the increase in the number of car will accelerate the problem of traffic . thus , I strongly feel that in future , the number of car be use will continue to rise and so will the problem of traffic , but with a decline in the pollution . 	HIN
car be of vital importance for everyone ' S life . today , we can not imagine a situation without car . even if we do not have one ourselves , other people utilize them to make our life easier - be it a transporter bring food to the supermarket or the car that bring us to the hospital in case of a severe accident . in my opinion , we need car and the populatoin in our country know that . this be the reason why I think that the number of car will not diminish in the next @card@ year . there be a myriad of argument for and against the use of car : the major argument against car be certainly the pollution of our environment . and it be true - car , as we know them today , need certain natural resource and do pollute our environment to a certain degree . if this be always true , there will probably be few car in use in @card@ year that there be today . at some point in time , people would recognize the harm of car and would definitely try to reduce the number of car to protect the environment . but this may not be a realistic case : I be of the opinion , that our scientist get smarter and smarter . until today , they already invent hybrid engine and engine that be only run by solar energy or plant oil . today , those invention can not replace car that need gaz to produce power , because scientist be still try to get more out of the new foundings . but consider the time the gaz engine need to be as perfect as we know today : it take long year for the car industry to be able to produce those engine . give this evolution , it be possible and very realistic that our scientist will make a huge contribution to the improvement of the ` new ' engine in the next @card@ year . even if @card@ year might be too short to develop a car that do not pollute the environment at all , I think that the scientist be on a good way to find an engine that drastically reduce the pollution . and after another @card@ year , we might already use car that do not need any natural resource like Gaz . if this be the case , everyone will recognize the outstanding advantage of car , so that the number of car will rather increase . 	GER
some people believe that succesful people take risk and try new thing in order to acomplish their goal , other believe that do what they know to do well will get them where they want to be . I believe believe that successful people always have to take risk and not just do what they know to do well . I will explain why I agree with the statement use an example on an specifical career like engineering . risk can take you to field of your carrer that you do not even know exist , because you be always too busy do what you already know . for example the devlopment of a new technology or the expansion of one that already exist . if you don ; ` t take the risk to explore new thing , this new technology might never be develop because you as an engineer be do the same thing over and over again . another advantage ot take risk be that if you fail you can always go back to what you where do before . Let ' s think of a new product we want to develop . if the engineer have an specifical product for example deodrants in roll-on plastic container , and they never try to invent another way to apply the product , they probably would not be able to create the spray applicattions . but let ' s say they formulate this new application use aerosol and they find out that it be affect the ozone layer on the planet because of the gas expel . they can always go back to the roll-on aplication and help the environment . they take the risk with the new technology but it bring a lot of problem so they can go back to the old way to apply the product and solve the problem . these main two reason explain why people have to take risk in their professional environment . however this apply to other thing in your life . like for example , in a personal field let ' s talk about marriage . when you get married you be take a lot of risk . you be sign a contract that last forever , not know what be go to happen in your life . but as I mentoined , this contract can be void and if thing be rough you can get divorce and go back to your single life . you take the risk look for success but it do not work so you can go back and star all over again . 	SPA
while there may be some people who disagree , I totally agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . the reason why I take this position be elaborate on in the next paragraph . firstly , for example , when I be look for a use car about 6 year ago , what I do first be to read thoroughly the car magazine . these be full of advertisement actually . there be so much car information in the magazine that I be next to impossible to sellect 3 or 4 candidate . One day , after I manage to do so , go to the car dealer in person to see on of the car itself . at the sight of the car itself , I be a little confuse because the car do n't look as good as in the magazine . secondly , when I make uniform for the baseball team in my company , I again check the catalogue in depth . in the catalogue , almost every uniform desigh look cool , but when we order one type in the catalogue and finally see the real uniform , Iwe be a little dissapointed to see the difference between one in the catalogue and the real one . furthermore , I have make a company recruit website for college/university student . this be like a advertisement of our company , our workplace . we try hard so that our company would seem excellent . of course , we do n't make false statement or image use picture and CGs . but what we try to do be to collect good picture of our company and workplace . so , in this sense , our company ' S website should have be the very good image of our company . in conclusion , for the reason state above , I totally agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . on the other hand , I seem to have to learn that product in the advertisement be not as good as they really be when I do the shopping . 	JPN
there be no doubt that learn academic subject be very good at the begnning of learn , but ithink learn aspecific subject after that be very important . I think learn one specific subiect we will be more creative in this kind of subject or field . and ihave my self for example , ispecialized in teaching and ithink i become avery creative teacher , and ithink ibecame one of the most greatest teacher in my country . as aspecialized theacher , i manage to add anew idea for the teaching , a new meathods , anew tool and avey great thing to my student . I believe , by learn aspecific subject we will be able to find the creative doctor , like my brotherfor example , he becam one of the most famous doctor in my country , one of the most creative and successful doctor every where in my country and ithink this be because his choice to study one specific subject which be medicine . in concolusion , ithink every one should choose one specific subject to learn , and be good in it and creative in it instead of learn too much stuff . Ibelieve also by learn one subject we will find tle creative person evey where . 	ARA
I agree that young people do not give enough time to help their community in these day . people have to work individually , but they also should work for the group that they be a member of . not a spesific group I mean , they have to participate in public , for example in a school , or in a family . teenager be not familiar with their responsibility as a student and also as a family member . usually , people start learn to be a part of community in a family . child should study lesson , show respect to old member , when parent should work for the family , and help their child to become a good adult . besides the general idea , they also have to love each other and should have a good relationship . unfortunately , young people avoid to be close to their parets . they do n't listen the advice an experienced adult can give , instead they start get away from their home . teenager even want to be with their unknown friend , rather then spend time with their brother or sitsters . another example where young people show responsibility be their school . they have to participate to class , study for exam and also study for the future to get a good job . recently , student think school be somewhere to get away from home , or have fun without any prepare for lesson . they see the rule as challanges that they have to break and get attention . then school diciplines have more strict rule to control them . so the community they try to work fell apart . teenager should give some of their freedom to have a peaceful school life . To conclude , young people should sometimes act like a grow up to control their life well . if they can be a good student , friend , sister/brother , daughter/son , they can create a good community and they also can enjoy where they be and what they be do . 	TUR
it be absolutely true that most of the advertisement make product seem much good than they reallly be . but how this happen ? that be not an easy be question to answer , but I think this be also the only question to make in order to understand why advertisement have this particular effect . I believe that the main strategy use by market analyst be simply to influence people by touch their weakness . Everyone of us for example , or at least most of us , want to be accept by society ( our group of friend or our collegues ) . it be un unconscious process but it be like that , and we can do nothing against it . as a consequence of this process we tend to buy the product that we feel could change in a good way the conception that the other have of us ; any object that could improve of our social image be certainly to be buy . I will try to make an example . if I know that David Beckam shave with a particular aftershave I might think that by use that specific product I will achieve the same social approval he have . that be why most advertisement use famous people to sponsorize a product : because we unconsciously want to be like them . any way , the question be whether there be a solution to this kind of problem , it be in fact a problem the one we be talk about , because link to a weakness of modern social community . I simply think that , consider that we can not change the entire costume of our society , the start point be be aware of this fact . this way of reasoning will make us more critic on advertisment , whose product will seem no more as attractive as we think they be before . 	ITA
there be one or two thing make a country more powerfull and more beatiful . on of them be young people in the country . if they can work for their community good they can make their country very beautiful too . however i think its so hard to set young people for this type action . because they grow up so stupidly and so lazy . they have be train from their parent to act like these . at this time young people start to think their self more than otherthing when they be a little child . they force their family to do their want with crying and other thing to whichs be family dont see in their child . they act like this beause family dont give them to thinking to understand what happen in the world and what should them do to survive in this wolrd . they grow up and enter a world which they dont know to live with . they be not ready to see real world how can they live in this world . they do more thing when they be grow but they dont give time to understand their community . so how can they help to their community even if they dont know their community requirement . Howevet i think this be not young adult fault . this be their parent fault , this be fault of who manage their country or their world . because of all of these young people do not give time to help their community . Yes i accept this ' s not all of their fault . they can easily train to be good child , good citizen and so good people . we can solve this problem with some formules if we be really want to solve this . we can give our teen responsibility to their community . we can give them good opportunity to think more and help their community . 	TUR
this sentence be truth in part . because more young people use their time for help their community or the person that have need . this young be a good choise , because use part of their time or the time of holiday , for bring to help to the people . more young help their community with the volontarity in Croce Rossa or @card@ , in turn , other in ` ` oratorio ' ' , or ` ` summer center ' ' , or help center for child with problem , or in ` ` case di cura ' ' for handicap people or old people . I know more friend that spend their time for this work , for enjoing the anlike people . this young be a hope for this people , they can bring a smile . they spend their time with people need , and they enough . I agree this choice this young people because I use my holiday to help the child with some problem , not in Italy , but in other country , when the help be need . I prefer the child because be fantastic , and teach more . but I do n't agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community , because as always there be who that help other or your community and who prefer to spend his time in other mode . as in all there be good and no good . I hope that the adult o old people see this young . more young good people existent too ! 	ITA
the author say that young people enjoy life more than old people do . Yes i will agree to these statement because old people come from young generation only , hence it be possible to agree the statement . firstly , young people will enjoy more than old people because from the early age of the bear baby he dont know about life after some year child will go to school which be institution and from there he know some thing and after when he will become to a certain position h e will be enjoy with his friend and as well as they will be close to each other aswell as they help each other and it be important for every person . hence it be must because when he will be in problem friend will only help some time parent will not do that time and hence it happen when it be true friend ship . when there will be any occasion all the friend will meet they will enjoy with party and all will celebrate and enjoy and that be the age to enjoy the life and do whatever he want because the past never come and such a way that all should enjoy . Whenever there be a holiday people will go to cinema that it will be full entertainment as well as game like cricket all will play if they have holiday it be nice and interesting game and go to picture with friend be a nice enjoyment , all will be happy at that movement , and they will dance in theatre and it be a nice enjoyment and hence in every festival all the friend will meet and they will spend there day at that place . while in a college there will be a competition , sport , entertainment and we can participate and enjoy and we can go to tour with college or with our own way for a week there fore we can enjoy the climate in the same while enjoy we should also study . while exam date will come near we should preapare for exam and also we should prepare well for the exam if we dont know any thing our friend will be helpful in such a way that we can write exam succesfully . whereas old people can not do this which mean while come to an old age they should not eat every item and they should take medicine daily it be a problem and also for them there will be tension and they will be in hurry in each field . hence atlast i say that old people also come from young age and they also enjoy , but it be fact every person should enjoy his life in a successful way . 	TEL
To be afraid to do something new be inerent to all hummans . fail be a very unpleasent thing and the good way to avoid fail be not to do anything . but if history have teach us something be that the only way to improve and be successful be to try new thing and take risk , no matter how hard or painful this might be . the western world as we know it , come hand by hand with the industralization . this period of the history be know to be time where steam and dream make able massive production , good good and incrisse in quality of life . without people take risk and failling hundred of time before find solution , none of these could happen . another good example of the result of risk take action be the development of the airplane . probably all of us have see some old movie of the first plane prototype . crazy machine that look more like game than real plane . but after year of trail and error someone get it right . and thank to that , it be possible to travel in hour to place that otherwise would be impossible to reach . I have apersonal personal exaple , as a brand manager of a wine company . no one believe that we could develop a wine to be as fun as beer . ` ` it be simply not wine essence to be fun ' ' an important manager one say . but me and my team strongly believe that it be possible to do it . so after a lot of mistake we finally develop ` ` FRESSCO ' ' a new brand that combine wine with fresh fruit in a completelly innovative packaging . the result , FRESSCO be now one of top 3 wine sell in Chile and it have become a real competitor to beer . so , conclude , even if be afraid to do something new be always a challenge for any person , be fundamental to know that innovation be the only way to progress . it be true , mistake can really be painful , but the reguard of do something new compensate all . 	SPA
I completely agree that student should pay more emphasis to understanding idea and concept rather than superficially mug up fact . a mug up fact with no basic understanding of the idea behind it may seem less time-consuming initially , may enable you score quite well also but in the long run it do no good to you . for . e.g. in a maths test in primary if you merely cram all word problem solution , then please be ready to cram another set of word probelms in primary 6 , 7 , so on . . but if you have understand the concept , you just need to apply the same . and score a in all the class . this be my personal experience . primary 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 , I only study word probelms in primary 6 and never thereafter . merely cram not only hinder your clear vision towards the matter but also block your mental ability to think deep and in a way block your mental growth . if we dont ask ourselves question about subject and donot try to find out answer we be block our own vision . for e.g. if Newton didnot ask himself or make himself to think of why the apple fall , he would not have go to find out answer and give his theory . deep understanding of a matter not only enable you clearly understand but on its own or in other word automatically generate your interest into a subject . and what well than this if you be really enjoy what you be do ? every art come with practice , demand time , devotion and , of course , interest . Learning , not only painting , but infact do science be an art as well . for e.g. , if in your secondary school you learn and understand what titration be conceptually , you will definitely enjoy the moment spend in chemistry lab when you be perform it with your own hand and then see pH become neutral . another interesting example be that of understanding cancer . if you really understand what be the cellular mechanism of cancer and what gene or protein be increase or decrease during the process , it will be so fascinating to study the response or development of cancer merely by study the level of gene and then see the result and then understand them also and then make other to look at what result you have get in your laboratory with appropriate explanation and relate them to cancer , rather than merely act as a foolish worker in your own lab . learn a technique make you merely a worker , as good as a blue collar guy , learn a subject make you a scientist . so in-depth knowledge be not important but mandatory . mug or learn fact make you a worker but to really enjoy and rule a subject one should understand the concept which be something that be go to take one a long way . 	HIN
I believe everybody can not know everything and its not so good to be ` Jack of all trade and master of none ' . specific knowledge be very much desire in both professional and academic field . Specialized knowledge of the subject be many times indispensible . One good example would be from field of medicine , where general Physicians be value but specialist like cardiologist or neurologist be indispensible and be the final option for particular kind of treatment . too much generalize knowledge may become very superficial and will not be of much help in solve complex problem in specific subject . for instance , if we look at the field of science , say biology , a generalize understanding of all its branch be require but a Taxonomist and a biophysicist have very less to do with each other and can not help each other in solve their specific problem . however all this discussion be not mean to diminish the value of general knowledge , as for application of knowledge from one subject in to other require understanding of both . for example if principle of Mathematics be to be apply to biology then general knowledge of both subject be require . however it will be do more appropriately if two specialist i.e. a biologist and a Mathematician interact with each other . also i believe that human memory have its limitation and one should use it judiciously . we should confine and focus our brain towards solve problem relate to specific subject . too much unnecessary knowldge will occupy space in one ' S memory and will not be put to use very often . therefore have General knowledge in moderation be good , but have only general knowledge be of no use . To apply knowledge for usefull purpose one have to specialize in particular subject . 	HIN
I agree with the statment that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . here be the reason why . first , advertisement tend to over exeggerate the effect of the product . for example , many cosmetic claim in their advertisement that they have speical element that make your skin white within just two week or make your face look well . when you see the advertisement you will be attract by the slogan or marvel at its magical effect , and you will buy it . there ' s no solid evidence or medical report that prove that the product be that useful , but the advertisement often use beautiful model and exaggerate speech to convince you to buy the product . second , the advertisement be a work be thoroughly and specially design . through the lighten and computer adjustment , the product can be see perfect in the advertisement . take the shampoo advertisement as an example , the model ' S hair always look so shine and smooth in the ad after they use the shampoo . however , the hair be very artificial . there be no way people ' S hair can be that perfect , but the company that produce the shampoo spend a huge amount of money on the film to make you believe that their shampoo be really that good . finally , the advertisement be often sell a concept of lifestyle , not the product itself . it be not the product that be apealing , but the ideal lifestyle beneath it that attracks you . the product can be bad , but as long as you want to have the lifestyle that the advertisement promote , you will buy the product . for instance , in a house ad that emphasize on the idea that single woman can live alone happily , the house itself be not that important . it be the wish to live as a happy single noble that make you want to buy the house . To conclude , the advertisement be a carefully design work that promote concept and often exegerates the product . thus , it make the product seem much better that they really be . 	CHI
young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . be this statement right or not ? I think it be quite difficult to answer this question . if I think of my grandmother , be she really more involve in their community ? it be possible that at the time , when my grandmother be young , kid and teenager may have do more for their community . for example people in these day organise event for the whole community , they be together in a social community and help each other , wherever they could . but this statement can be make for all people of my grandmother village , not only for young people . on the other side my grandmother and also the other child in her age have to work a lot at home and on the field . so they do not have a lot time to spend together or to do thing for their community . furthermore I think nowadays young people be also social active . it depend more , where they be live . in rural society , in a small village for example , the connection between the inhabitant be much closer , than in urban area . in a big city , in Zurich for example , people do not spend a lot of time in help other . as big a city be the more individual and isolated people be . Thy do not have enough time and also not enough connection with other . and the consequence of this individualism and this isolation be that people , expecially young people , be not integrate in the whole society , they have only their peer , but they be not much connect with , or relate to people form different age or different social and educal background . this people do not even think about help their community . but that be not their problem , that be the problem of the whole society and the difference between urban and rural life . 	GER
I agree that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide for many reason . first , we a very new to the place and if we a in a group there be very less change to get lose in the unknow place . it be good to have a group . we can enjoy the site by share our own idea with the other preson . in a group they can take good care of the other preson if they r not well . second , have a tour guide be the good way to travel . Guide be the person how be very familier with the place so he can help us to now the history of the place . he ( guide ) also take us to the very important place , which we can not find them with ourself . he also help us in select the place to rest and have great food . third , people make many good friend in the tour . in a group no one feel bore of the tour ; because in the free time they can enjoy by dancing , sing around the campus fire . 	TEL
it be really important to have a broad knowledge , but it ' S true that in this age we also need person who be specialise in one specific subject . this problem begin to appear when you finsh the hight school and , I think , t it never disappear . I sad that be important to have a broad knowledge because ony if you have taste a lot of different thinghs you can really choose one of this thinghs . you have to decide and fall wath be the subject that you prefer , that you like and only when you have really understand it you can go on and specialize in it . To specialize be the secon step . this be really important because in this period the word move quikly and we need that people organizeing themself in sector . we need that people do their work at the good level and , for this reason , people need to specialise themself . for example , an economist must kow mat and economy history ec . . very well , so he have to study a lot this specific subject . at the same time he also have to know other knowledge , not because our sistem want it , but because I think that if we want to become a complet person we must have an open mind and to have broad knowledge be a way to open our mind . in my opinion this be an instrument whit wich we can change the future . 	ITA
people do not always reach success by try new thing and take risk , even though sometimes it be necessary . if someone have the formula for success , whether he/she find it or be give by the environment , he/she should not change it unless want or push to do so . Carlo Ancelotti , coach of AC Milan , an Italian soccer team that have win several tournament and award under his guide , declare on the day before the final of the Champions League ` ` a team that win never change ( set up ) . ' ' the next day , use the same player as the previous game , AC Milan win the Champions League , the most prestigious tournament in soccer . just like Carlo Ancelotti suggest , something successful should often remain uncorrupted to succeed again . not everyone , though , already have this oppurtinity in his/her life . this be the case when a person should shold try new thing and take risk . for instance , consider a large and profitable factory , the son of the boss will not have trouble in order to reach work success ( consider this be the kind of success he be look for ) as his eritage include a business already start and well run , but one of the worker in the factory have great manual skill , but in the factory he do not gain much profit and do not fully use the resource he have . if he never take a risk and never try anything new , he would always work in the same factory and hardly reach success . instead , if he decide to start his own activity , take the risk that such a choice bring , he would have a much large chance to succeed . nevertheless , look at the society in a big scale , risk might be necessary to succeed and develop . in fact there be one important factor to consider : competition . the push force for many people be often other candidate , who try to reach success by do something innovative . Unfortnately , there be time where the success of one be the unsuccess of other . this cycle infact be infinite . the positive aspect of this situation be that the society will always offer new and more innovative thing . therefore success be not always find by do something new and take risk , bet there be time where the situation require it . 	ITA
I agree with this statement . I think that young people enjoy life more than old people . there be two reason . One reaso be that young people be more activity than old people . also , the other one be that young people have new idea for life . first of all , young people be more activity than old people . it ' S because young people can do dance more activity than old people . however old people ca n't do dance more activity than young people . it ' s becuse old people do n't have enough power of dance for a long time . second of all , young people have some new idea for enjoy in life . for example , there be festival in life . young people can open up thier idea for festival . it ' S because young people can think of interesting idea . in conclusion , young people can enjoy in life . 	JPN
the New thing I agree if you try new thing and take more risk you can achieve your goal and earn big money . I be talk abaout money because my major be a international trade in my university and i would like to do this business buy an d selling somethings . I know how to do this job but i think try new thing for instance you can buy another product and you can change it and sell . it have more risk , may be you can not sell cahanged product . Successfull people in my country always try new thing for their goal . they be sometimes loose but if they win , they would have more profit . for example , its a big Turkish company . first its a shoe company , they produce shoe and export it . they know how to do well shoe . One day the owner who have a company try another thing they sell all of his property ( his factory , his business , his car , etc . ) and he buy a land for produce onion . he doesnt know anything about how to produce onion , how to sell . ? ts like a gambling . he find a farmer who be live in a rural place . he help to produce onion and selling process . and they find small package for onion . for example 1pound , 3 pound package and they sell directly market . it make more profitable and more usefull for consumer . and he have a onion brand name . now the ex shoe producer have a big onion ' S farm and he earn 1 billion dollar a year , he be export onion all over the world its a big deal . in my opinion try new thing and take a risk be not good for everyone because you need a little bit good luck in your business life . 	TUR
different approach in education discuss wether it be more important for the student to learn about fact or to understand idea . if one have to choose between both of them , I would say it be more important to learn to understand idea . I will first present some argument to support this point , emphasize on the intellectual importance of the idea . then , I will try to explain how complementary be these point and why they be necessary to any good student . as a student myself , I feel very concerned by this topic , especially because I be a young researcher and the relationship between concept and fact be critical . however , mainly because fact can be learn outside the school I would agree to state it be more important to understand concept . for instance , in my own research about the gentrification of Harlem , I be less interested by the fact and the detail than by understand the whole process and the trend which drive it . it be true it be very important to understand the concept of class , place and territory ( their role , symbol etc ) . I think it the role of the school to learn to the student to think by themselves and it succeed give them the intellectual and conceptual key and tool to understand a problem , and solve it . however , say the concept be more important than the fact ( as it imply in the question ) I face a big ethic problem . in effect , how can you understand a concept or an idea if you do n't know some fact to contextualize it for example . even if fact can be learn differently than in an academic way , they be require . for example , if I do n't know how many people be displace by the gentrification or in what extent the rent rised due to the gentrification , how can I expect to understand the nature of the transformation occure in the neighborhood ? I think concept and fact be link and the reciprocity of their relation be the secret of a good understanding of concept and idea . To conclude , I would say that theorically understand concept be more important but it only can work with very abstract object of study . the reality be more complex and to understand efficiently an idea , you need to know the context and the fact . 	FRE
if your goo what you already know your not successful you be just precise . their be a bunch of people that be good in what they already know but one make successful people outstand be their ability to do thing that they do not know . successful people try new thing and take risk because this be what make them successful person . if your good at something and you keep do what you know you be not open your horizon , you just stay in your comfort zone . To be successful be to take risk , to be something more than ordinary . successful people try new thing because if not they would not be successful person they would be precise . To be precise be not a bad thing because you be good at what your doing , that be part of be a successful person , but it do not make you a successful person because you can not do more ore simply do not know more , and that be why being precise be not be a successful person . I agrre that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . people who be successful be good at everything the aim to be good at 	SPA
the topic under discussion be whether most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be or not . I go with the opinion that the advertisement be make the product look much good than what it actually be . the growth of the communication medium widely in the form of Television , News Papers , Internet and various other choice have lead to an outright growth in the propaganda of any item . people come to know about any new product in the market through any of these medium . the mind set of the people have change variabily in the sense that they shift their side from buy the require one to the one that be advertise by the celebrity . go be the day when people use to go outdoor shopping to get the require product . the new era have just begin through the interenet shopping where it reduce the burden to go out and shop . people can sit in their home and if they find something interesting in the adverstiments they opt to buy it through Internet . the previous notion of buy the product base on its requirement and merit have totally change . people change their mind set to buy the product that seem appealing and interesting in the advertisement . as an example consider the good olden day when there be not many of these advertisement for a product . people use to get a clear understanding of the product they be buy and then opt for that . now a day the scenario have change where people buy the product only beacuse their favourite celebrity have advertise that product . furthermore people be more interested in buy the item his neighbour have just buy . they consider to be one step high than them and buy that product even if it be irrelavent to them . in this way mouth to mouth medium create problem . these advertisement be now a day make the product look much more valuable than what they really be . go through various advertisement provide through the communication medium and opt to buy a product be not a wise decission . these advertisement generally hype the product . one come to know the seriousness of the mistake he have commit in opt for the product with the only impression of the advertisement when once he receive the original product . next time he might be careful enough in select the product to buy . so in my opion it be always good to select a product base on its merit rather than follow the advertisement and select the product . 	TEL
I agree with the fact that most of the advertisement ( ad . ) make product seem much better that they in fact be . in my opinion many time ad . fail to meet the spectations create when you finally get or check what advertise . ad . have many time very few to do with reality because of several reason . I will discuss about some of them from my point of view . first of all , the current tough competition for almost every product in the economy make the company exaggerate the benefit or characteristic of their product . every company show their product in the ad . as the good and far away good than the other make by competitor . when I be a child many time I get dissapointed with most ot the toy I receive as gift at birthday , those toy seem to be much big on TV that in my hand . another point have to do with quality . many time the quality you get be much bad that what be offer or suggest in ad . for example the sport shoe never last me so longer than I expect from the ad . I see and the price I pay for them . moreover another issue be customer service of service give to customer once he or she buy something . in ad . most of the company focusses on their quality and responsibility . unfortunately most of the time you can not get easily a satisfactory reply to one question or complaint raise . I face bad experience with the call center of the telecom company waste a lot of time and money in uselless reclamation . another trick use by ad . be the way those ad . be show . normally on TV you can see gorgeous people or aggressive music , so you rather pay attention to the person or musich announce the item than the annonced item itself . link to this be when famous people as actor , actress , film maker , sportmen or sportwoman be use in the ad . To sum up , I do not believe what be show in the ad . since they make the producs be more attractive than they really be . ad . be not factual most of the time . 	SPA
in my opinion , I agree with the statement that it be the good way to travel in a group which lead by a tour guide . and my reason be basic on follow reason . firstly , travel with a tour group be safe than travel alone , be take by a tour guide , you can go to anywhere which have security garentee , otherwise , it be dangerous for you to go to a strange city without someone take you . secondly , a tour guide can tell you be to go and what to see , obviously , they know good than we do , be take by a tour guide , you can make your trip worth , and you wo n't wast your money which you spend on this trip . thirdly , if you go to a foreign country where the people speak foreign language that you ca n't understand , it will be very difficult for you to communicate with other when you want to buy someting or ask fordirections , in that case you need a tour guide to help you . in conclution , it be good for us to have a tour guide and travel in group , because it ' s safe , and you can receive more help . 	CHI
if i be ask wheather I prefer try new thing or dont try , I would prefer try new thing for three reason . first , to try new thing may have a lot of hard experience and a lot of risk . I think to change ever own thinking be too difficult . if my age would have be more high , it would be more and more difficult . but I will be able to get more highly advantage . To get more highly advantage , for example I can change more high saralley work and get more big house . second , to try new thing will be able to connect many new network . for example , work , friend , own lifestyle and so on . To get more intelligent friend may be bright own life . and if I have very difficult problem on my life , they would have a good advice for me . for example , work , relationship for friend and so on . third , to try new thing may get more excensitive mind . To try more difficult ploblem will be able to change more strongly own heart . To get more strongly heart will be able to communicate for many kind of people , I think . so , I think to try new thing be more good than not to try . I think to serrect many thing , be to good for my final life 	JPN
community have lot of problem about improvement . the government major duty to make a community well . however nowadays lot of young community be try to make their community well . these young people help their community by improve the school and take part in a social group . firstly , young people be eager to improve the school where they get their education . these people take part in a building society to rebuild the old school and they also take part in a society which be about old book . this community collect the old book from different school and then they exchange them from the library . moreover they help people who be duty be about clean environment . for instance these young people help these people to make their environment to be a clear place by help them and also plant tree to the empty place . secondly , young people take part in social group which be about help old and poor people . young people make arrangement and some organization help these people by collect the ticket fee . nowadays we can see hundred of social group which help to improve their community by arrange these type of organization . in this type of organization these young people earn lot of money . however this money can not be pay to old and poor people by the young people . they use this money about this poor people ' S clothing and also about their food . in conclusion , nowadays there be lot of young people who be eager to help and improve their environment and community . it make community a good place by rebuild the school and help old and poor people by collect money from some organization . however there be lot of awareness people , we can improve our community by do the same job like these young people . 	TUR
Yes i do agree with the statement most adverstisement make product seem much good than they really be because without have advertisement how can we know about the product . for example take product like oats which be use as food item we can have with hot water and mix milk and sugar , it can be show as a TV add by play a role by reputated person like sport , film actor and like model . play must be for @card@ sec only in that we must show all type thing like what oats contain and how it be usefull for daily use people by prefoming and add with in @card@ sec show the embalem of the product . the advertisement should be show globally to people . give advertisement for a product it give complete picture or use of the product which should be see by people . product should have import and export value by their demand . the product should gain the demand by show proper advertisement . people should have proper idea on the product they should believe it by see proper advertisement . Means advertisement should impress the demander . advertisement should be show globally , there we can find the demand . advertisement should have proper theam which impress consumer and they should attract by see that , there be many way to sell the product by give attractive gift on use advertisement , show that if product be buyed you can have gift coupon of worth of x / R . the whole advertisement should take abcitvate and should gain more demand . advertisement play an major role to sell a product . because product should show in real and caption show below with small letter that indicate these play be perform by expert so please u do not follow the same , mean it incdicates true but not real . One good example be that cigar selling be show on TV advertisement but on packet it will retuen smoking be injurious TO health . the good example for advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	TEL
nowadays advertisement be very important . when we look around we can see easily that the type of advertisement be develop , because the technology be develop very quickly . when I open the TV I can see many different and interesting advertisement . . if one peson want to be successful they must make a good advertisement . on the other hand , they must pay much money . therefore we shoudl prepare an advertisment for make a good product . first reason be curoisity . generally everbody waches television every night . the advertisement give many opinion about product and in the television we can make many changlable point that be shape colour or size . for example ; when I watch advertisement I want to use these product because in the tv the shape and the coluor be very attractive . Secon reason be that in the advertisemnt we can see famous people . I believe that it be very important because many people like to watch famous people . these type of advertisement be expensive but I believe that it be not important beceause in the future , we will gaigne much maney . for example ; last week my sister want to buy coca - cola because she see the famous peole in the advertisement . so the emotional intelligence be very important in the advertisement . advertiser should find many different type of advertisement when they prepare the project . as a resault , there be many reaosons for make a good advertisment . when we read the example in the passage we can see easily that the advertisemnt be very important for product . if we give many importance of the advertisement I believe that product become popular . 	TUR
I agree that most advertisement make product seem good than they realy be . advertisement be there to attract customer to a certain product . the product be always display in a way where it seem appeling to the viewer . sometimes the company advertise the product tend to exadurate in advertising . they make the product seem to good to be real . each advertisement be there to target a certain age group . for example when advertise a toy on the television certain sound effect and bright colour be use to attract young child make them desire the product . therefore the parent take action and buy the toy for their child . advertising be the good way to minpulate with young child ' S mind . advertisement do not include the disadvantage of the product advertise . the product be always praise and make flawless . the company advertise a certain good main aim be profit . quality and customer service be the last thing consider . it be rare that you find an advertised product that be trustworthy and be exactly like it be describe on the advertisement . in a conclusion i would like to say that the problem we be face nowadays be that we be let those false advertisement affect us , but there be nothing we can do about it as they be every where . they ' re display as bulletin board in the street , show on the television as commercial and even play on the radio . in the end be just human and the least thing affect us ! ! ! 	ARA
for as long as this sophisticated society have exist , people have debate which advertisement effectively work to attract consumer . although this issue may never resolve to everyone ' S satisfaction , the matter be very clear in my mind : I disagree with this statement . many advertisement do not make product seem much good than they really be . that not all advertisement success to attract consumer be evident for several reason . To begin with , some advertisement discourage people to purchase the product . To illustrate , in many country , the advertisement of tobbacos have warming sentence on them . when I travel in Australia , I detect that even the photo of lung cancer be use in the advertisement . in this case , the advertisement warn us the possibility of danger that be cause by use the product . indeed , the advertisement of tobbacos do not make product well . furthermore , some advertisement utilize an unique strategy to attract consumer . for example , Yukiguni-maitake , Japanese food product company , use the conspicuous strategy : its advertisement say that do not buy its product . this advertisement be unusual , therefore , many consumer be attract and finally buy the product . in view of this , the advertisement sometimes apply unique strategy which do not appeal merit of the product . nevertheless , some critic claim that the advertisement ' role be to appeal the product . however , the fact , as detailed above , reveal that some advertisement try to prevent customer from buy their product . in conclusion , I believe that the advertisement usually use different strategy to attract customer . it be clear from my example . 	JPN
I disagree with this statement . there be some disadvantage for have a trip in a group I think . first it be quite difficult for in a group to decide the good destination everyone feel satisfy with . second during a trip in a group , we can not have a trip in the way we each like . I think such a trip be far from enjoyment and relax . we need to think well about the true purpose of trip . Travering definitely be not get stress . in a group we can not help but feel certain stress . it be good for us not to have a trip if it apply to us . on the other hand , have a trip by myself I think I can make my trip meaningful , free from stress and of course fun . there be some reason for this . first I can go to the destination which I think I want to visit . second , I do not have to care about other people . in such a situation I can enjoy see sight for much time which I think would like to more . that be why I think the good way yo enjyo a trip be to do it by myself . 	JPN
in the everchaging world new product be devloped and with new feature that customer demand that their product should accomplish and due to increase in the company and their produts each one want to increse their share and want to dominate the market , advertisement seem to play key role in sale of the product I agree with the fact that the advertisement make product seem well that actually they be . in order to trap the customer the comapny show the produts in a great manner they give great publicity and employ celebrity in publicing them ultimatly when customer buy the product and then what happen ? the customer feel cheated and he become red on the comapny for example , it be tell buy a company in the part of their publicity stunt to have an upper hand over thier commpetiotors they have produce a bike that would give a mailage of 120km / liter of petrol to attract the customer they have hide the truth that they have overstate the mileage many of the customer buy the the bike they practically experince it by riddng the bike what they have feel that that the product be under perfoming , they go to the comapny and ask for the fact but the comapny official seem that they responce be not upto the mark what the customer expect the go to the customer court and thay get their money back . in the above stated example the case give a vey good lime light into the topic , that be right that the comapny lose lot of money in pay thier money and in insted it get a bad fame and any person doesnt even think have that comapnys product the comany feel that publicity be every thing , they think that see be beliving , they be in that vision and advertise hugely on the quality and standard that the product doesent accomplish , but in reality see be not everythging we might belive , usually we should not belive in every thing we see . comanys should be transparent and shoul advertise what the product do really have in order to have long term good relatiopn with the customer and maintining a good name of the company . 	TEL
an anecient Arabic say ` ` take whole thing from a particular thing , and take something from all thing . ' ' have a broad knowledge of many acadimic subject be well than stay on one speclizie subject for many reason that strict scinces , provied another scinctist and expand personal awareing . first , sinces be complacated and cross . by way of example , there be a cross between Law and Political , so any specilist who interest in Law need to study a little about political . and there be many scinces which concrated from many scinecs , such as , Piochimestry , Economy law , furthermore , specilist need to know some information about board scinces to biuld bridge with another specilist , he and another people need each other to provide thier knowlodge , experinces , resaerches . for example , pofessor of Physics will get a lot of benifit from professor of Math , that will encourge thier idea and theoris , so moreover , a broad knowlodge expand awareing of mind , it give a lot of information that can not be in a similar lab which specilist stay in . as example , professor of Law can not know any thing about period of Arabic poet if he do net deal with Arabic Letrituer professor . also he can enjoy in people invention , and he get more angle view to life . as a result , I agree to have broad knowledge because it have a lot of advanteges , change realtionship between scinctist , and expand awaing . 	ARA
To choose between a broad knowledge of many academic subject or a good specialization in only one specific subject be not easy , as both possibility have advantage and disadvantage . anyway I agree with the idea that it-s better to have a broad knowledge of several different subject , and that for several reason . first of all , a person with a variety of interest and knowledge in different field be probably a person with an open mind who show a strong intellectual curiosity . famous intellectual of the past , like Leonardo Da Vinci , just to name one of the most know , have an incredible variety of knowledge and curiosity . then , have a broad knowledge of the world in general might help people in their carreer and professional life . also , have a good knowledge in a variety of subjcts doesn-t necessarily mean that a person can-t have a special field of interest in which he or she be more competent . an open mind and a broad culture can be a great advantage in a fast change world as the one we live in today . in fact we must be ready and able to adapt to different situation and condition . on the contrary , if we be too rigid , if we be overspecialized in a very particular field , we might be unable to get the whole picture , so to speak , and we might be less flexible , less able to cope with any change we can have to deal with in our life . of course there-s nothing wrong with be very good in a particular subject we like more . I think that only overspecialization be wrong . if someone be competent and interested only in a very special field , he or she might be very good in his or her job , but might not be able to adapt or to react to situation that require a more general approach . sometimes you read on paper of terrible mistake doctor do in their work , as not understand exactly a patient-s desease or simply confusing symptom describe by patient . that can be due to the fact that some doctor be extremely well prepare in their field , but be sometimes unable to analize the whole situation , and they might miss the fact that they be deal with people and not just with sick kidney or liver , to give an exemple . for all say reason , I do believe that have a broad knowledge of many subject and keep the curiosity and passion for learn all our life be definitely good that limit our knowledge only to a specific field of study . 	ITA
I disagree about that ` ` young people do not give enough time to help their community ' ' . because the help poeple be not for other . it mean if you help people those people help back to you . good friend be good community , good community be help your life forever . 	JPN
my opinion about the topic that young people do not give enough time to help their community be ambuoules . on the one hand i think many of young people be egoistic today , on the other I know that it be not easy to manage social ambition today , espacially for the youth . I can imagine the young pepole because Iam one of them . I do not help in my community or neither I work in a social programm . the reason for that be my few time between the duty ' s wich fill my whole day . I think the possibilty to help without any pay in community be good at a young age of child , from eleven till fifteen . many old young people be busy with their education and own future and too young child maybe be not in the confidence or have the responsibility to work for the community . many of the work wich be to do in a german community be make by so call young people who finish school . if thez do n't want to go to the army , they can choose a social work in community , hospital , etc . . the truth be that young people do n't help for free . they be always look for a payment and do n't do anz help benfitly . Iam sure that there be many thing wich young people could do in a community 	GER
the most important time Nowadays , most of young people do not have enough time to have their own time . some student can not have time for their own work or rest as their parent do not allow or they have really busy schedule for study . so I think young people do not have enough time to help their community . now I want to talk about the time as they have and the reason why I think young people do not have time . I have see many student who spend hard time to study their school work and keep their busy schedule . I think the student have to have enough time to help their community . it be because during they be help their community , they can get lot of life experience which give them more important knowledge than the study in their school . some time life experience bring really important thing to people to know for their life . also the community be important just like life experience . they will get many thing which they want to know , when they be talk or chetting with other and friend . for example , if we study with other , we can get much imformations which very useful than study by our self . nowadays , our life be change and people can not get their own time anymore . also young people be busy to live in these day and it be same happen to student . in my opinion , if we have free time to communicate with people and have some rest time , even if we have busy schedule , it will bring good condition and result to them . I believe that if they have time to help their communication , they will get clear idea to study more effectively with good condition . 	KOR
I agree with the people now be very busy to think about to offer some help . it be very important to understand that today the world be very competitive , and young people have to be dedicate on his learning , develop their skill and improve their capacity to answer the demand of new professional . however be truth that exist another kind of people that be very comprometive with the situation of the other and the mayority of this person be young people . this world be very complicate and be very difficult to achieve the individual goal . people have to work very hard , they do not have any time to breath , to stop and to think in another situation . the life be taugh and they have to give an answer about what be their role today . people try to have success , try to demostrate their worth and work to be the good . they have to study , next to find a good job and to survive into this competitive world . them they have very tire to spend their time in another task . they do not have too much time and they know it . however today the thing have be change . actually young people , start to be more compromited with help their community . they use to take part in different event , and participate in various association . there be alot of people develop job that have very relation with voluntary activity . the reality of this time be that there be people who want to colaborate and serve . I think that today beging to be a new kind of people , vey responsible with the social situation and very identify with teh situation of another people . 	SPA
the school provide a good environment for the student to be educate . some people emphasize the great importance for the student to understand idea and concept in their school setting , while other argue that the significancy of learn fact should not be neglect . as far as I see it , it would be more reasonable for the school to teach their student more about how to understand the idea and concept . some of my reason be give below . the main reason for my propensity be that the school provide the good environment for the student to understand idea and concept , while the fact can be learn by the student themselves through other way , example be internet and documentary film . in the classroom , the student can be guide by the teacher , and they can discuss matter with their classmate , which be both of utmost importance for them to understand idea and concept . if the teacher just keep tellling the student the fact , the advantage aspect of the school would be waste . furthermore , other method enable the student to learn fact that be far more valuable and more up-to-date . the Internet contain much more information than the text book use in the classroom , and the information be likely to be the late . besides , understand idea and concept help the student to solve more complex problem . as we notice , the exam nowadays be more flexible , which not only require the student to list fact print in the book , but also require the student to make use of their learn idea and concept to achieve a high score . if a high school student can grasp the idea and concept in class , he or she will probably get a high score in the College Entrance Examination , which can exercise a extremely important impact on this student ' s future career . additionally , be student eager to understand the idea and concept , they be more likely to discuss or share their opinion with their classmate and the teach . that would undoubtedly help the student ' interpersonal communication ability . moreover , communication can result in friendship . when the student be discuss with each other , they may find something in common between them , or even can become friend own to it . as the time for them to discuss problem go by , their friendship be likely to solidify . though learn fact be also very important in education , judge from what have be mention above , I believe it be understand idea and concept that far outweigh the opposite aspect . 	CHI
I agree with this statement because I think that a person who have a different specialization can be help in his / he professional carrer . in fact we can understand how difficult be to found a job and for this reason I think that a person who be able to do a lot of thing have some facilitation . economy and work want that a person be a good worker , with different experience . as the matter of fact my opinion be n't correct , in fact I undestand that it be important also that a person be able to do his/her work in a good way and this be possible also if that person be specialize in a particular field . for all these reason I think that it be important to have different specialization when a person be look for a job , but , when he/she find it , she/he must specialize in his/her own work . sometimes it be not request a licence in a particular field . a simple course can help you to found a job . so I think that it be important to know different subject , but this knowing have importance if it be specialized . 	ITA
successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . this statement be very true as a person who try to do thing differently and take a different approach towards certain thing in life prove to be successful , but the success can not be guarantee . if a person go about do thing as he usually do and be perfect at , he will not suffer any loss but will be stable , no growth and no loss , these be the people who like to play it safe in life and lead a life without stress ans tension where as take risk in life be a stressful thing but you can increase your growth only by try new thing and innovate idea and way of do thing . a careful analysis be very important about the type of risk bieng take and what be the appropriate method for go about the decision . most business house have be successful because of their ability to take risk and try innovative strategy and plan . such people like to enjoy life to the full and be determine about what they want in life and work their way upto it . I believe that people should take risk in life but they also should be careful and know the pro and con of take the risk . they should take risk that they can bear . without take risk a person acnnot achieve what he want , he will have to be satisfy with what he have . only people who have the thirst in them to achieve what they want take risk , some succeed and some fail . therefore it have to be well strategised and well plan inorder to reach the objective and move ahead in life . risk have extreme consequence , you either suceed or you fail , so people should take risk know what they be get into . therefore its not everyone'scup of tea to take risk and those who do not have the heart to bear the loss should not go ahead with it . 	HIN
it be age what make our life , and that be why it be so important to enjoy life . but it be not so easy as it sound because there be different stage in our life that come with different thing we have to face . and that ' S why I think that young people enjoy life more than old people do . when people be jung there be three main aspect that make them enjoy more than when people be old . the first one be the responsabilities they have in their life . when life be begin people do n't really have to worry about many thing , they normally have their parent or someone that take care about important aspect of life . and if they have to take responsabilities they have the energy to do it . for example , pay the bill , be responsable for the hause and many other thing that need responsability and can cause stress . another and very important aspect that show that jung people enjoy more ist health . the jung people normally have no big problem with their health and body in general , they can move by themselves and be able to do thing without any physical help . this be very important for us as human being . the last point be the mentality , or also mental health . this Psycologic aspect also make the jung people enjoy more life because they normally think positively , have dream , have thing to accomplish in their future . and that be also something important , the jung people have expectation and so they can do thing to get what they want of their life , or at least try . for old people thing be not just that easy . they have already be jung and make a lot of thing . they have have a lot of responsabilities and now they be tired and need to rest and this aspect make them have a negative attitude towards life and so they can not see other thing to enjoy . at this time of their life , they do not really have much more energy to continue with all this responsabilities . the second aspect and more important be the physical health . normally when people reach the old stage of life , they have some kind of limitation that do not permit them enjoy as like when they be jung . Thisngs take more time to be do and maybe Thay can not even do them . finally the mental health , as say befor a positiv mentallity be very difficult to find . thing have change and be old be not easy . that be why I say that jung people enjoy more than old people , because everything be easy and physically , mentally and in term of responsabilities it be well be jung , you have more thing to enjoy life . Energy end , and attitude be also a matter 	SPA
I agree with the statement that say that ` ` in twenty year there will be few car than there today ' ' . in fact I have to admit , for my personal experience , that in the last ten year this be the tendence we be achieve , even if it be not a good result . I think that in twenty year there be go to be few car because of several reason . first of all the city be get big . I have read last week that most of the people now live in city . that mean that they be go to have to move inside the city , and as big the city become , as more people will need to have a car ( unless the State will offer the possibility to move with an alternative transport ) . secondly city be often overcrowd , and people who do not have much money be oblige to find another place where to live out of the city . this mean once again that they be go to need a car to get to the city for work , for example . also there be people that dislike the style of life that often a city offer . they would probably try to find a place where to live that be out of the city , but from where they be able to get to the city by car . Morover I think it also depend on how the state , or the local community would act . there be several example that demonstrate that when a local community do not want to have too many car in the city , some solution can be find to resolve this problem . the first thing be to make a good city plan , that can really help . if a city be plan in a smart way that consider different thing , as where to put major road , or how to plan alternative transport , then to move in the city be definitely easy . secondly the State should try to sensibilize more and more people that live in the city , who often do not care about this topic because they be more comfortable by move with their own car or because they think this problem do not affect them . which be not true , because they do not feel comfortable at all while try not to get stick in line or when air pollution reach really dangerous limit ! finally I agree with the statement , even if I think that it will be a huge problem if this actually come true . 	ITA
be WE Human Or Machines ? Society have be develop in many different way accord to human necesseties . this human vision have go dissapeard . actually we move in a very high stress world , ( obviously , in develop country ) , that sometimes do not allow to people to increase their human value and their helping in their community . probably , many year ago , young people do not use to do such thing that young people , at this moment do . we have more relathionships each other ' S and also we have more dependence on the rest of the people . industrialisation , technical development , new discover , independence , competition , stress . . . have really make change the world . firstly , parent want to give to their child all they have n't when they be childs , and in many case they be make a mistake , and in this way young people ca n't think in thing ' value and the cost of them . secondly , sometimes child schedule be like a minister schedule . I mean , it seem that they have to full all their time in the whole day , go school , learn music , learn , sport , language , and many other thing that you could imagine . after that , they arrive at home totally exhaust , so they do n't have the strong enough to spend another part of their time help their community . at least , this be what be happen in medium class family in Spain , the place where I live . thirdly , they have a great adversary , Television ! ! ! oh my God ! ! I think it be the principal and horrible nowadays ' enemy of our young people , they coul spend all theri time watch it . finally , I must say that we coul try to avoid many thing and to be more creative with our child , and incentivate them to value human relathionships , only in this way they could probably help their community . 	SPA
in our childhood , we try to omit other ' S behavior and handle new thing . we learn how to stand up properly . sometimes we would fail and cry , but soon we would try again until we succeed . then , we soon try another new thing and get more and more ablility . To me , I believe learn new ablility be a life-long proccess for successful people . we should take risk to try new thing in order to succeed because it provide us opportunity to benefit of life , improvement and correction . try new thing benefit people ' S life because people could gain many usable skill that would be useful in the future . for instance , Bill Gates gather the valuable knowledge of computing in his early life . he then use this knowledge to establish a unique computing system - Windows . the new ablity allow Bill Gates to be rich man in the world in his late life . try new thing always let people to gain wealthy . thus , the people would always pursue in study even after they have be work for a long time . when people try new thing , they would get improvement that they could not get from do thing already familar . for example , if I read the book which I already read it before , I would probably learn very little or nothing . the book be no use for me . in contrast , if I read a new book about ` ` How to Straigten your personality , ' ' I may alter my old way of do thing . I could improve my way of last but not least , people could make correction while they try the new thing . the reason for that be , people can make comparision . the new thing would let people to rethink the way they do old thing . they think they do thing pretty well , but actually they do not do it right . therefore , successful people always try the new thing in order to correct the mistake that they do not realize before . in order to be successful , people should always not hestitate to try new thing . they can therefore enhance their life both intensively and extensively . 	CHI
the issue of specialization be difficult to deal with since plenty of different view have be express on this subject . on the one hand , one can be tempt to think that a great variety of knowledge allow somebody to enlarge his view of certain matter . however , we can not deny that a deep knowledge in a specific subject can sometimes be require to solve some technical problem . take all aspect into account , I be strongly convince that specialization do have more advantage than broad knowledge . To begin with , specialization surely allow a good efficency in problem solve . who would ask a mathematician to read Moliere while he can ask an actor ? as far as I be concern , I be firmly convince that each of us have one or several special skill , that make him different from the other : one play the piano , his brother cook well and I see no reason why the pianist should learn to cook ! on the contrary , he should continue learn piano to improve this particular skill . another way to justify my point of view be to consider it under the professional aspect . in relationship marketing , one make the difference between the ` wait time ' , which be the time the client wait before its problem be take into account by a firm , and the ` solve time ' which be the time need to solve this particular problem . by choose specialist , the firm considerably reduce its ` solve time ' . furthermore , the more different these specialist be , the short the ` wait time ' will become , since a great variety of problem will be thus quickly take into account . lastly , specialization may require from a firm to have a good internal organization . indeed , without such an efficient organization , special skill of each employee may not be use as well as it should be . however , if a firm do settle down such an organization , and do prefer hire specialized worker , its efficiency will surely improve . To conclude , my strong belief be that specialization be a key answer to some persistent economical and political problem . a major stake will thus be to accept the fact that one could not do everything perferctly . Afterall , Billy Wilder be probably right when he write that ` nobody be perfect ' ! 	FRE
Will there be few car in twenty year from now ? my instant reply be no , and mainly because I realize how our technology be rapidly advance , and car will change , change only to make people love them more , satisfy urge for beautiful car model , create more desire to own one . look back into the past since car be first invent , there ' s a huge big difference of how much car be own . compare to before when only the rich own car , car nowadays be get cheap in price , consider the amount of second-hand car be sell and how cheap it be to buy one . as time pass , the rich will continue to buy more car and sell their old one , and at the same time , the low class will buy these use car for a cheap price . with this cycle go on , more and more people will be own car rather than sell them . and why be the rich buying more and more car ? generally it ' S because of the constant change in the car technology ; the desire of speed and unique design . a stereotype view of rich people be people who buy car just because of its look . car company look at this , will exploit this point by come up with more and more uniquely design car . there ' s a rare chance rich people will disappear and their interest in buy these car decrease . on the other hand , there ' ll always be the low class people who be ready to buy these use car at a low price . most of the people want to own a car , and in my opinion , this be a psychological desire ; jealousy . when a person see another person with something they do not have , that person will also want a car . when a rich guy see his friend with a really groovy car , he will also want a unique car of his own . there ' re always more generation join us and with this cycle of jealousy and how the car price fall , it ' ll be easy for people to own car . Conclusionally , I ' d say that in twenty year , or even fifty year , the amount of car usage will only increase but not decrease . unless something well than car join this market and successfully grab car buyer ' attention . 	CHI
I do agree that most advertismenets make product seem much good than they really be . a possible explaination would be that these advertisement be base on different survey make by professional in order to know what the target public want to hear . for example , if a company want to sell a new skate board , it will interview teenager who be skateboarding to know what they be look for in a perfect product . they will do the same with the parent of the skateboarder because ther be the one who will pay for it . once these information be analyze , a publicity will be make out of that . the content of this advertisement would be base on scientifcal datum . the target public will see in the product exactly what they be look for , it will appear as the perfect product . however , they might be disapointed once they have buy the item realize that it be not that perfect . an other way to illustrate my point be the advertisement for Kraft ' s dinner product . this publicity target whoever make lunch at home , i.e. the mother and their kid . the product be sell as a healthy and convenient lunch . the kid look really happy to eat it and it seem really tastefull . however , one can easilly realize that Kraft ' s dinner product be not a healthy meal and be not tastefull . the publicity conceptors know that someone will be more likely to buy a product if it as a pretty presentation . that be the reason why all the product be in nice little box with bright color and print with impressive design . an other way to make a product look attractive be by use the picture of a good look woman or a handsome man . therefore , the client will purchase the item in order to be close to the model on the box . but the product inside might not be that exceptionnal . in conclusion , I think that advertisement company be able to identify the desire of customer and make a nice publicity feature all them . they be able to show a way to people to reach their dream . but dream do not always come true . . . 	FRE
I am agree with the thing than successful people try new thing and take risk rather but there be not only do what they already know how to do well because if they already know how to do well there do n't take any risk . To be successful mean you will success on every thing you try but that mean you can try every thing and still success . some one successful will want to try any thing for see if he still successful , if that person try only some thing he know how to do well he be not a really successful person . for example , I be good to play pianno so that pretty successful in a fist time but now i never play gitar and i try so I ' m not really good at the beginning but I take some lesson and really fater I get really good to play gitar , that mean I be a successul person . now , I be a good dancer , I know how dance but i do not try any thing eals exepted dance so I be a good dancer but I be not a successful peron because the only thing where I success be the thing I already know . some one successful be so some one who try new thing but he do not know if he will be good or bad and finally because he be successful he be go to be good to those new thing . for be really successfull you of course have to try lot of thing than you can know how successful you be because to be successfull only for a couple thing do not mean you be really successfull . for exemple , after try to play gitar , I can now try a other instrument ant a other one . . . if I still success for every one , I be a really successful person . so , if you really want to be a successful person you need try new thing and take risk rather . if you do not you just some one who look like successful but finally you be some one who be not successful . 	FRE
I do n't agree that human being will have a few car in use than we have them today . there be two reason that I think so . One of the reason be that more and more our popurations be increase in it ' s number because of the explosion of the population all over the world . this be to say , our popuraton be @card@ billion right now , and it will increase up to @card@ in twenty year or more than less . therefore the car usage paesantage will increase in it ' S number . other reason be that our social attitude toward young people have change . compare the past with now , the latter be much more leveral to young people . as long as @card@ year ago , in many country , the car be drive by man , not woman but nowadays a lot of woman drive a car because of the social change from conservative to leveral . the age that people be able to get the driver licence be difference country to country , and in certain country , young people who be @card@ year old be able to get the driver licence with the social change , some of our country might have such a law . with the reason , I do n't agree that , buteven though we have more car in our future , the fuel will totally change , from oil to electricity or something like that . 	JPN
it be true that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . if we look at the youth around us , we find them to be self occupy . they be busy with their own life . the youngster be live a life that be all about their own dream , their own happiness and their own whim . gadget , friend , movie , discotheque , pub and other such thing be take them away from their family and the community . if they be not have fun , then , it be the increase pressure of study that keep them inside their home after the school hour . their study and the stlye of the present school curriculum make sure the the student be study continuously . the curriculum of most of the educational institution be design to give theoretical knowledge to the student . lack of practicals take away the chance of any external exposure from the student . apart from study , the lack of interest in extend a help hand for the matter relate to the community can also be observe amongst the youngster . they be become a bit self-centred . for them its - Me FIRST . Everything else become secondary for them . another reason for their non participation can be trace to the fact that they do not understand the importance of joint famile and thus the concept of loving and sharing be a little alien to them . earlier , the joint famile keep the people together . they be more tolerant , more caring and have good understanding of the importance of community . but , the concept of nuclear family have take away the element of ` together we stand ' away from the youth . last month , the Mumbai blast rock the whole nation and question our unity and security both . the terrorirsts involve be young boy . and if we look at the people who have come to help the victim then we find out that they be not the youth but the middle aged or old people . it be not that all the youngster be unhelpful but yes the majority be far too self centre to come out and give time to their community , to think of its well being . apart from this , their modern value , their distance from religion , their shyness , etc be also play a role in their behaviour . at time , the thought that what can a single man do keep them away from help other . they need to understand that they have the power to dream and change the world . they just have to take a step forward . it be high time that they realise that the community need them as much as they need the community . their survival and development be dependent on the community of which they be a part . their involvement will do lot of good to them and to their community as well . 	HIN
it have be an argument regard with the issue that , the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . some people prefer to travel alone . because they do n't need to adjust their time for the other people and they can decide everything by themselves . however , on my perspective , I think it be good to travel by a group lead by a tour guide rather than travel alone . first , if we travel to the place that we be not familiare , everything be so srange . so in this case we need somewone who be well know about the place , like a tour guide . it be certain that tour guide be an expert of the travel place , he or she will make a great scedule and adjust the time . the only thing that we have to do be follow the schedule . I think it be convinient and we do n't need to waste the time . second , we can have more great experience with the group of people . people can exchange theire own opinion and also they can take a remarkable picture together . they can also enjoy more pleasure time rather than feel alon . as people be live the social sociaty , travel by a group could help to develope theire relationship finally , because of two reason , I think good and efficient way to travel be tarvelling in a group of people together lead by a tour guide . 	KOR
I be in accord with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . the reason way I be in accord it be that I suppose that successful people be vocated to make good in any way they operate , and they want Everytime a new target , much difficult from the past , to obtain . for this reason they try new thing and sometimes they take risk but this give them the sensation of the power and the potential they have . the normal people see them and consider that in the same situation or position they do n't take risk fairly like the successful people do . Infact normal people many time , consider successful people too much out of world for the reason that I mention at last . contrary to the normal people think I consider ordinary that successful people go in another way from normal people because , if it be not true , they can be successful people . the success of a person it be give first of all by nature because a successful people , before he have success , he be bear with particular ability in specking , play in general and to make good wath he have to do , respect the other people . with the growth up of the person the success come to the people that have this particular ability sice they be young and for this reason they become ` ` effective ' ' successful people . the society in general consider that take risk be the good way to falliment or the die . I support a different position , and this be that if a man do n't take many risk in his life continue to be the little ordinary man that he be . but if a man take many risk ( not everytime , but sometimes ) it be a sign of that he could be a successful people . the successful people have to his part the luky , infact sometimes he make an activity with much more success than a normal people could obtain . this be a particularity but it be n't want by people : it be a supernatural want . 	ITA
I disagree that statement . I have three reason why I have opposite point of view . first , I think that continue one thing for a long time be capable to make the man success . for example docotor have look for more effective cure for his patient to get rid of his patient ' s suffer . he have to think risk and return . he should not take high risk and high return , high risk and low return and low risk and low return . he have to take high return and low risk . if the docter tend to take risk , what happen at the end ? Scond , I think that it be more important to concern about old thing . try new thing be the mean to throw away old thing . but old thing that you have throw away long long ago may bring you great chance . that be possible story , be n't that ? third obey that statement have the possibility of lose the tradition . so we should look the old thing and low risk facters more intensively . that may make us succ 	JPN
I totally disagree with the statement , even though oneself may believe that it be true to a certain extent because of the fact that young people love to play and no certain entity hold them responsible for their action and the consequence of their action . the follow be the reason and example that explain why I strongly disagree with the statement mention in the question . firstly , if we examine some of the extracurricular program offer at elementary and high school around the world , we will find that many of these program be devote to help local community . these program include activity such as ; clean side road , collect charitable donation and different socially responsible endeavour . base on a research conduct by a lead consulting firm in Europe , it be show that 5 % of a young person ' S time be be dedicate to assist their local community . secondly , social responsibility and help community be become a very hot topic in the corporate world . this phenominon have extend its effect to outside of the corporate world to invlove the rest of the society . therefore , many people be become more aware of the importance of be socially responsible , hence , they be start to convey the benefit of be socially responsible to young people ( i.e. their kid , student , dependent . . . etc . ) . finally , many young people group be be use as great example of time dedication in help community . not only their community , but also international community . for example , a group of kid from France have gather their toy and other belonging and send them to Lebanon to help the kid who have leave their home because of the current Israeli-Lebanese war . 	ARA
nowadays , do you think young people give enough time to help their community ? I can surely answer you , NO ! but why ? in my view , I think the young people spend all their time together with the computer , game , KARAOKE , something like that . I remember that when I be young , there have n't get any Gameboy , Playstation , Computer , my only entertament when I finish my homework be to see the television , swimming , run or play the basketball with my dad , very seldomly my faher will bring me to my cusion ' s home to play the TV-Games . but now , the only after school function of the young people be sit in front of the computer and chat with their friend , or somehow play the online game . because there be too many funny thing on the Internet . then how can they get extre time to help their community ? 	CHI
I disagree to the statement that successfil people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . firstly , in order to success , the analyze the datum and control the racio of wine be important . now I be work at Bank as a foreign exchange trader , even professional , make the decision and scale the timing use the analyze of read the chart , check the order and research the economic datum . because foreign exchange market be unpredictable . I think it be the same thing apply to this theory . in general , unpredictable thing often occers , sometime , people who have good luck might be survive from the happening but I strongly think those luck be not continue without their well background knowledge nor experience . just try new thing without knowledge be just a risky . secondly , when I play tennis match . in those situation , I do not try new style of serve when I really want to win . because the racio of I miss be very high . Thats why I strongly believe that people who be succeed in the world be base on their knowledge and their experience . 	JPN
in my personal opinion young people do not spend enough time help their community when it be need . our personal goal focus on ourselves whereas other generation ' S goal focus on community . there may be many reason why this change come upon us , however , I guess the most important one be relate to this our new style of life . our way of life push us to worry about personal thing rather than global one . we care about our personal image , our personal grant and our personal skill . we have to . however we must try to change and we ought to realize what it be happen outside and in fact we should give our help hand . anyway , I think young people be no blame of this kind of selfishness but they be unaware . first of all , we have adquire a new way of life . we do live comfortable . our parent usually provide us everything we need . everywhere it seem as if nobody need anything from us as long . our community be rich and everyone can reach a good position as long as this person work . thus , our goal be not relate to our community in which everything run ` ` perfectly well ' ' but it be focus in ourselves . our own complain and artificial need be highlight . we have to be perfect not just good , but perfect . we have to worry about such thing in order to survive in this ` ` ideal community ' ' . inasmuch as we be so worry about ourselves we be not able to see the problem our community have , we be not aware of that . regard this lack of awareness we can explain why we do not help but we can not avoid try people realize their selfishness . we have to take a look over our reality . we must do more for our community than we be do up to now . it be a good chance not only for the community but for us to grow 	SPA
it be commonly assume that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . Althought it might not be exact for every advertisement , this gap between reality and representation be experience on a daily basis . first , we have to keep in mind the primary goal of an advertisement , which be to attract customer to a specific product . hence , advertisement maker have to rely on commercial technics that give the impression that their product be not only good , but that it be good than other product of the same category . it be precisely in this process that a gap may occure between what the product really be , and how it be present to the customer . even if we assume that the advertisement maker be aware of the basic quality of a product , what be to be understand be that their goal be to make you think that you need this particular product , hence emphasize it ' S quality and of course pass under silence it ' s negative aspect . this unbalance and bias view on the product inherent value will surely produce a distorted perception of it ' s real desirability , make it seem much good than it really be . the car industry provide numerous example of this phenomenon . this very competitive market force advertisement maker to present every car as they be perfectly fit for you , which be not always the case . for example , American car maker have the tendency to promote their vehicule by state their durability and their power . but they naturally never mention the fact that these vehicules be much more energy-consume than non-american car . hence , if one rely only on the advertisement , he will be conviced that this particular American automobile be a really good product . but , if he buy it , he will soon realize that his vehicule have a high gas consumption rate . he then might have the feeling that he make the wrong choice , that the vehicule be not as good for him as the advertisement pretented . this illustration show clearly that advertisement be by definition enhance the apparent value of a product in order to sell it . 	FRE
as an old saying go , ` ` One man ' S meat be another man ' S poison . ' ' People ' s opinion diverge from each other , not to mention on such statement : ` ` Travel by ourselves and travel in a group lead by a tour guide , which one be good ? ' ' some people prefer the fomer , but , i disgree . I prefer to travel in a group lead by a guide because it really have a number of benifits that we can not deny . the first reason for my inclination be that travel in a group lead by a tour guide can give me a more pround knowledge of my travel . no one could detail the history of a new spot only by your tour guide book . no one could speak out where be a more valuable spot locate only by your telphone . no one could know more senaries by only confine yourself on the map . however , the tour guide can ! the second for my pepensity be that travel in a group lead by a tour guide can make you a connection to different kind of people . I just take part in a travel in a group lead by a tour guide , and i make friend which involve in it and what't more , until now i still keep in touch with one of them who be aslo a university student like me . and she be in the same major as me , so it be a luck for me to have this kind of tour and get so good a friend who have the same personal experience and emotional concern as me ! last but not least , travel in a group lead by a tour guide can make you safe and happy . if you visit by your self , who will help you when you get hurt ? if you visit by yourself , who will help you to go on your tour when you lose your way ? if you visit by yourself , who will talk with you when you feel faint during your bus way ? nobody . and this be quiet different from travel in a group where you can ask your tour guide and talk with other traveler . all in all , travel in a group lead by a tour guide be an advisable choice with conspicuous benifits . I prefer to it fully . now , what i want to do be to make sure that every one around me who like travel as much as me can reach all these benifits . 	CHI
travel around the world be a great activity , there be so much to admire and learn . people can travel for pleasure to exotic place like : Hawai or Bermuda or can travel look for culture , like : Egypt or Japan . usually couple go this place look for relax . if people travel for pleasure do not need a tour guide , because usually for this kind of travel , travel agency offer package with all the activity . this activity be for relax and fun . you do not need a guide for that . however , if you be plan to go Egypt for example , you will need a tour guide . a tour guide be a person who know about the area and most important know about history . when people travel ` ` time ' ' be very important , so you need to see and learn as much as you can be less time . therefore , a tour guide be the right person to acomplish this goal . a tour guide not only know about history and important place , but also good restaurant , place to have fun and place to avoid because of the security . I remember when I go to Mexico , my friend and I go to visit some ruin and we hire a tour guide . while we be on the bus go to this City ` ` El Carmen ' ' the tour guide star explain and take about this ruin , by the time we get there we know what to expect . I will like to go in the future to Egypt with a group of friend and we will definitly be lead by a tour guide . there be so much to see in Egypt that I do not want to waste time look for place or get lost , when we can hire somebody that can take us directly to the good place . 	SPA
you often hear that in the future there will be few car in use than there be today . I also agree with this statement . there be several reason why I think so . the first be that the cost to drive and possess a car would be much high than today . because the price oil would get high . also today you can see this , because in the last year the price for oil be explode . and also the taxis for car would raise because the government care about the environment and need money . so not every person will have the money to use a car . another reason why car will be get few be that there will be a lot of other option to come from point A to point B in the future . for example a transrapid will be build in munich in the next year . so many people would not use a car if they have the possibilty to go by the transrapid . and today many people research for new way of transport people that be not as bad for the environment as car be . a third reason be , that more and more people move into the big citys to get a job . so there will be more people in the big city of the country . and in big citys you normally do n't need a car . I think so because with the car you need su longer than if you user other possibilitys because there a many traffic jam in big citys . for example a friend of me study in munich and he need with his car one hour to come from his home to the university . with the bike or the subway he only need half an hour . so I think many people will then use a bike or go by subway . for conclusion you can say , that there be a lot of good reason why in twenty year there will be few car in use than today . 	GER
do youing people enjoy more than old epole , that be a very diffivult question , take in accoubt that most peole would think that young people might have more fun than old peole , just because they think that they be healthy , fast , strong , as my mom use to tell me , teenager think they be suoperman , they take risk that old peole normally wouldnt takem , thety stay up all nioght , go to party , drive fast carsm , and maybe even do illegal drug , but that do not mean that young people have more fun , i once read a very good book ` ` Tuesday with Morrie ' ' . its a book about life , it show the experience of a young man , interact with an elder , the elder have go through various experience , and the youngster want to learn from thoe sxperiences , and eventually , the teacher tell him one thing , ` ` you first need to learn how to die , thenm you can learn how to live ... ' ' that tell the student that he have to absorb all that he canm from his experience , and then let go of some of his emotion and then , he can know how it feel to taste succes , or love , and even pride . Morrie , who be the teacher on the book tell the main caharcter that once you know how if feel how to die , yopu know how to live because you learn how to enjoy life even more . the point i be try to make be that old people know how to take more and more from each new experience , and they probably enjoy life even more , although there be a few exception , some young people be evry mature and find a way to have fun even in the bad cituatuions , like people that dont have as many economic resource , they learn how to take advantage from the few oportunities they have to go out , or party as we say nowadays . i honestly think that old people have mopre fun , because they have learn how to enjoy life , and young people be just live at a hundred mile an hour , try to do too many thing to have fun , and not get a lot out of the experinces that they6 go through in their daily life . 	SPA
I agree with the statement that product seem to be much good than they really be , because of the advertisement which be use . the marketing department of every company try to make successful advertisement , so that they sell more of these product . their aim be to influence the consumer to buy the article or product . because of this , they be use different thing for different product to catch the potential user : the marketing department use kid and a happy family to make an advertisement for an family car , so that the husband of the family hopefully think : ` ` that ' s the perfect car for our family . I will buy this one next week . ' ' you can see advertisement like this everywhere : during the break in a movie or between TV-Shows there be always spot with the aim to buy the product . another example for that could be an advertisement for wash machine : ` ` it ' S the cheap washing machine of the world , you will save a lot of money buy this one ! ' ' but on the other side it be probably not an economy product , so that the consumer have to pay a lot for water and electricity , because of the bad technology . the manager try with this strategy that the article look like the good . they want to sell more than the other company . that ' S why the consumer need to decide by their one which product be the good for them . the good way to realize it , be not listen or watch to too much advertisement . in the most way it be good look behind the advertisement , that mean you need to look what can i realy do with it . the consumer need to make a comparison between some product - which one have the good property or be the most economiesly and not which one look like the good in the advertisement . 	GER
often happen that we can hear elderly complain about their condition , such as ' ' ohh my god , I be too much old , I don ` ` t do anything , I be tired . . . ' ' . instead usually youg people enjoy to be on youthhood , to be active , to go around . I think this fact be display in any family that have get a grandmother or an elderly in general and some child . if be true that maybe we be get use to hear this king of thing I think that the real situation be different . first I think that when old people talk about their healt condition be only another way to tell ` ` hello I be here ' ' . after probably they certain don ` ` t fall so bad to involve that they fall sick . when you be old maybe can happen to be alone for long time , have get too much time to think . as a result you start to consider too much your feeling . image if you start to think that your foot hurt you , probably after one day you will be really hurted from that . why ? and if be only because the power of our mind sometime overcome our own sight . I don-t know if be true but often I think to be sick and at the end it wasn-t anything . so can be . second what can you talk to someone that come to meet you if you during the day be set spend your time lookink the street , nothing I think . but now talk about the young . in my opinion be really bad listen some young guy that complain about his or hers age , probably he do be really sick , in his or hers mind . it be rare but sometime happen to listen these gender of people that spend their time continuosly claim to be sick . you be not ! you have get the common problem that a guy can meet during his or hers age of growth . you be raise . by the end I think that every age have get a good reasos to be live . when you be old because you childhood , when you be young because you be full of energy , the world seem under your foot , that wait only you . so probably the good thing that we can do be think by ourself , our result and what will happen tomorrow . the life be so a guess that we mustn-t be bore because sometime this don-t go where we want . life be life and age as well . 	ITA
I fully agree with the statement that succesful people try new thing and take risk . in our everyday life , we have many example that confirm this opinion , but the most important one be give by our interpreneurs . Interpreneurs be always risk a lot in term of money and time . moreover , enterpreneurs be always innovate , try new thing in order to survive in the market , to be competitive , to improve their position on the global market . the main result of this behaviour be the success that everybody can recognize as tipical of enterpreneurs . on the other side , we have the low level employe . they only do what they have be teached to do at the beginning of their carreer and they do this work for all the life . very often , this kind of people be really very good in do some specific work and they usually work for all their life for the same company . generally , they never take any risk and the company fully protect and support them because they have a very strong know how . but if we analyse the life of these people we can see that they never achieve any success . To conclude , I think that to be succesful in the life , we need to take risk and try new thing . moreover , in this way we can keep alive our mind , we can train our creativity , we can well express ourself as human be . I think that we need to live as deep as possible our unique life , therefore we musttry as much as possible new thing ! 	ITA
one could wonder if , in twenty year , there will be few car in use than there be today . I personally think , that because of a lot of factor we will explore , this statement be not ag on my way to this test this morning I be able to read a copy of the ` Le Monde ' newspaper . inside it , an article state that the state of California have decide to cut down on CO2 gas emission by take car manifacturers to court . the reason I mention this article , be that it state that there be about @card@ million car in California for about @card@ million housholds . in my opinion California be one of the good example of a region in which the use of the car be essential in order to be able to move around its vast territory . but California be also the most prosperous of all American state and therefore can demonstate to us the type of situation that could arise if a country developped to such a scale and therefore have this type of need for car . it have become common knowlege , or fear , or indeed both for many people , that in twenty year , China will be a lot more prosperous that it be today . if we just consider the fact that its GDP grow of 7 % a year , we could say that by @card@ , China would have equal California ' S prosperity . What make me tend to refute the propose statement , be the fact that China have a population of about 1 billion , this would probably equate to about @card@ million household and therefore potentially about @card@ million car need by a new prosperous population to wonder through their vast country and city . I be of course not state that China be a car free environement at the moment but the increase with the volume of car the country experience today would be monumental . furthermore , one would have to consider other growning economy such as India . Europe be saturate with car and effort be make in order to diminish pollution by increase alternative mean of transport . but this be possible because the territory be relatively small in comparison to immensity such as India or China . one could also say that , as demographic be increase , there will always be more people on earth , until we finally destroy it , and therefore more potential car driver and buyer as a whole . it must also be point out that , since the apparition of the Ford T model in the 1920s , the first affordable and mass produce car , the car have become an object that simbolizes liberty . no indication seem to show that , in a near future , man will invente a new symbol and vector of liberty to replace the car . if they do , the psychological aspect go , and only the practical aspect of own and drive a car remain , we might witness an increase in alternative transportation method and therefore car usage would slowlz decrease . however , it be very ulikely that this will happen during the next twenty year , and even if it do , that twenty year will be enough to witness a drop in car usage . a change of people ' psychology take time . finally , one have to point out that the arguement that petrol will not be available in a couple of decade be not valid . firstly , this theory have be enounce many time and new petrol reserve be be find day after day . secondly , new energy supply be be developped , such as the biometric fuel or the eletric car . the car may be clean and even potentially out of date in twenty year , but , as far as the propose statement be concern , there will not be few of them on a global scale , as long as there will be more human and more economic groath on this planet . 	FRE
recently , some psycologyst proclaim that prefering the old thing make people ca n't get success . like their opinion i believe the courage to new one be neccesiary to be the successful people . because the person who try new thing have more sence about their field an , more responsibility and more real affection . firstly , the people who try to do new thing have great sence about their field . the rationale behind this be that they struggle to prove whether therir theory be right . in this situation , the exact knowledge be need to them . it make they study more hardly about that . for example , my brother ' S major be science but he do n't interest about that . last semmester , his proffesior give him homework to make new product . Afeter this he be concentrate on his work . even meal time he do n't put off his book . like above , the tring which find new way make people more concentrate to their field . secondly , the tring to new thing make them more responsibility . Genarally to proclaim some new thing be relate with their credit . because if it be prove wrong , then they will loose their trusty . I give some new advise to my cousin and after that i have try to do that way by my self . it make me have more responsibility . Lastry find new way about their field make some 	KOR
I agree with the statement that it be more important for student to understanding idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . it be true that learn fact be important but not importan than idea and concept . as my experience , most of the professor give test base on the idea and concept of the what we learn . purpose of testing be the how much student get idea and concept of the content and how to apply it . none of my professor want the student to get pass the class without understanding idea and concept . accord to Korean newspaper , most succeceful student be get idea and concept of the subject , not the fact . reseacher test experiment in one high school . they have fifty people be study only concept and idea , and fifty student be study only fact . the result of the experiment be forty out of fifty student who be in the idea and concept group get A ' S and ten out of fifty student who be in the fact group get A ' S in the test . after read this researcher paper i focus on the understanding idea and concept of the content . as a result my grade be high than study fact . I think understand idea and concept be more important that learn a fact . just get a good grade be not the good point for the student . student have to understand idea and concept and walk one step forward to the feature . 	KOR
I have two opinion in the understanding idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact by student as mention in the follow . I agree with this opinion for several cause . the under stand idea and concept have important role in understand subject and get the the high degree in exam . usually this idea and concept derive from exprimental of the scientist before convert into the fact . most of the theoritical sceience and also practical sceince base upon idea and concept . the origin of most innovation in the world be concept or idea . also I agree with student must be learn fact which be merely true in opposite to idea and concept which may be true of false . finally , I suggest for educational member and socities to learn both idea and concept which be true and may be profitable for the society in accompany with fact which be approve by scientist and their experimentals . 	ARA
it ' S the ` ` eternal strife ' ' between the seller and the customer . as we walk through the street of a city today and just look around , if we just give a glance to a newspaper or a magazine , if we turn on the TV for a few second , what we see be that we live in a culture make for a great part of advertisement . What they be be easy to define : short , colourful , attract and effective ( or suppose to be so ) message , call our attenction to product of the most various sort . What ' S behind their glitter surface ? that ' s the question that amaze and sometimes confuse the customer and that he go on wonder for some time . unfortunately , the answer be that often what we find be not what we expect to handle and we have to conclude that teh single product be not such a good staff as it be suppose to be . for example , some year ago a famous industry have for some time its car advertise by a short movie , in which the car be run on the water around Mount S. Michel , France . it be really impressive , but as the car come out in the market , it reveal to be inferior to the standard of the house . a field especially affect by mislead advertisement be that of food stuff : deli present as prodigious or incredibly tasty have often not safe origin , or not good taste . the reason that hide behind all of that , you can easily track out : marketing be one of the fine and most expensive business of our time . marketing be go to look more and more like an art , whose task be not to inform the customer about real quality of the product , but to make the good of it , to describe it in the most imaginative and intriguing way . it ' S also important to remember that a great amount of money be invest in trade by single or group seller and the effort to have effective advertisement be normally equal to the productive effort . as it happen normally in human life , be possible to find a glance of good just adopt the right perspective : about advertisement , maybe ther will be a time when we should not ask if they be relieble or not , if they tell us the truth or an amount of lie . just look or listen to the storey and enjoy the glitter tale ! 	ITA
it be debatable whether young people do not help their community not spend enough time . some people say that young people provide enough time to help their community in that they be do some voluntary work for community . however , I agree with the statement in that young people tend to spend more time study and they do n't have the sense of belong to their community . To begin with , nowadays student do not help their community enough time . this be because they think that their grade be more important than help community . therefore they be spend more time study for their good grade than do volunteer work . for example , my brother be a high school student . when he be ask to work for his community from his school , he get angry . that ' S because he think help his community be a waste of time and also do n't help improve his grade . in addition , because young people do n't have the sense of beloning to their local community , they be not willing to help their community a lot of time . young people think they can move other place whenever they want to move . therefore they do not feel the necessarity to provide aid to their local community , sacrifying their own time . for instance , accord to KBS , Korea national broadcast station , @card@ % of young people they do not have to help their local society . when they be ask reason , they answer that they do not have the sense of belong to their community . in conclusion , enough time for young people to help local community do not meet need of communites . this be because young people invest their time on study for good grade . also they do not feel the sense of the belonging to their community . this phenomenon must not be underestimate in the aspect that young people will be a person who lead the local community . 	KOR
the demand of mobility and access be not likely to cease for modern life , however the supply which will enable people to mobilize will certainly shift from conventional method establish today . with this fact , one can go further and argue that twenty year from now there will be few car than there be now . such argument can be coherent in itself if one be to see change trend in mobility regard alternative and enviromental issue . when it come to compare car with their alternative such as plane , train and ferry they all seem to be good than car on some certain aspect state below . for instance it be a known fact that the average use of car be around 1 , 5 people per car worldwide which prove how inefficient car be compare to massive transportation way such as train , ship and plane . in addition to this car aslo create a trafic problem which be uncomparable to its alternative . despite car seem like provide more accesibility than their alternative since one can drive whereever he want and whenever , this fact also seem like it be change . it may be the case that , twenty year from now , plane and train will develop to an extend that they will be cheap to use and more frequent in destination . at this point it should also be remember that car have considerable upkeep cost due to repair and taxis which will eventually become a luxury compare to its alternative . apart from loose its chance among its alternative car will most likely be force to reduce in number due to their harmful affect on the enviroment . the fundamental need of a car to run be oil and this fact be unlikely to change in come twenty year . regard increase concern on the global warming this need of car will make it likely to be replace . in addition to harmful gas release car also damage enviromet by create sound pollution and indirectly by driver demand more road . the more car there will be the more road and sound pollution there will be as well . subsequently these will make people take a decision between alter their mobility style or face result of enviroamental disorder . in conclusion , it seem that because of the drive mention here and many possible other that extend the limit of this esasy , car be go to be replace realtively by its alternative . maybe these drive will let car industry to develop new cheap and enviroment friendly solution but even this isnt likely to stop a change in choice . it be because that maybe other industry will take the advantage of their increase usage and will develop futher technology which will make them uncomperable to car . 	TUR
I think that this statement can summarize an important problem of the actual society . in my opinion we live in the society of appearance , where exterior aspect sometimes have consider more than the substance of the thing ! I think that it be evident in one million of situation . Let ' s think for instance at our market , they be full of colored box and bottle and I be sure that everyone of us , at least one time in the own life , have buy a kind of food or beverage just for how well it be show on the box that contain it ! we can think also at the spot on tv , that everyday introduce to us so many kind of , I call them usefull thing , that seem to be the new and perfect solution at a lot of our problem ( and the most of the time they solve just one ` ` problem ' ' : how to spend our money ! ) another example come from the fashion world , it be a little bit different from the previous one , but I think that in a different key it can reflect the same problem . How many time we have see some perfectly slim model that seem to be healty and , of course , satisfacted by their own body ? and how many time we have hear ( some time later ) that they have a lot of problem with anorexy , their everyday lunch be a carrot and their life be unhappy ? it have happen a lot of time I guess . . . now the point be that the society present to us some pattern that be almost never real , or well it show to us , thank to some advertisement or something else , what it do want to show to us , but not all the truth ! I think that it be not easy today to not be impress by the external side of the thing that be around us but , I think also that to not go into a lot of delusion in our life we should start to look behind the appearance of the thing that be present to us to understand what they really be ! 	ITA
I do agree with the fact that successful people have challenging career that conduct them to have risky position . a successful person may be qualify in that way because he or she have be distinguish from other people who have not face the same success . and someone have of course many more opportunity to be distinguish in a challenging and difficult environment than be an simple one . actually in that last kind of environment , a lot of people may fullfill the duty in a cogent way and we generally expect them to do so , consequently it be a normal situation that do not lead to any particular kind of success . at the opposite , by have a challenging carrer someone may face many quandary and diverse kind of problem . the exposition be big . by be in risky position , people be not expect to success every time , they may fail but when they manage to solve a problem or develop a difficult or new business , then they be distinguish and become successful people . another important point be that be in a challenging environment and take risk allow people to break the everyday life routine . actually , by face new and difficult situation , people do not have time to get borred . their motivation can be very huge considerating the stake . by follow that idea we can assume that people may fullfull their duty with more enthusiasm that in less risky position . actually , we can easily get bore by do something we know well so we could give less importance for our job and replace it with other thing which be not at all to be unerconsiderated . people may have different priority or quality in life that be not suit to a complex environment . for these reason I do agree with the statement , and my opinion can be easily verify with successfull people such as politics or businessman who face difficult position . 	FRE
I disagree that travel in a group lead by a tour guide be good than travel on our own . from personal experieces , I ' ve learn that tour on our own give more oppurtunity to be more knowlegable about the place we ' re travel , more time to travel unknown place , and more chance to communicate with local . as a personal example when I go to Cambodia last winter , I go with a tour group lead by a guide . before I go I know I have to study about the place I would go , but I postpone such duty because I be expect the guide to explain everything . just as I expect , when I go to ancient site in Cambodia the tour guide explain every little detail , leave no space for me to further find out . however , when I go to Europe by myself this winter , I feel oblige to study about the background information or about the European history because there be no guide to answer my question . the fact that I be plan all the journey on my own give me more resposibility to study about the place I would go to . such case be not merely limit to my personal example . also when we travel with a group lead by a guide , we have to follow with the tuor company ' s tight schedule . out itinery be often schedule and we merely follow where the guide take us . we do n't have much free time to ramble around new place other than the famous tour cite . however , when we ' re on ourselves we do n't have to move accordingly to a fit schedule . we be free to go anywhere we ' d like . other than famous tour cite , we could simply go to local market or take a walk down the street -- place that be ordinary but also place where we can smell the local ' S custom and culture . furthermore , when we ' re travel with a guide we ' re too busy follow the tight schedule to acutally communicate with the local . tour with a guide often end with visit famous cite and take picture . but when travel on your own , we have more chance to actually be friend with the local . although there might be some language barrier , we can use body language and talk with local about their life-style , custom , and culture . travel on a group lead by a guide lack the precious moment to learn about a country in a first-hand experience . travel in a group lead by a tour guide surely do have some benefit . we do n't have to plan all our schedule , and we do n't need to worry about not know something because the guide be there for you to explain everything . however , so far from all my journey , the most memorable and long lasting experience be those that I travel by myself . start from schedule my itinerary , study about the country , explore new place , and meeting people from walk of street be truly the valuable and the real journey I never forget . 	KOR
I completely aggree with the statement . success be attain by force yourself to the limit , out of your confort zone , and conquer the challenge , whatever it may be . through preparation and acumen , and utilize what you have learn in your past experience , step out of the confort zone and face a challege directly , be the good way to increase stamina and tolerance that will help make you become strong . for example , be a martial art student and observe the successful move of my mentor and chief instructor , I can confidently state that he practice for success . I meet my instructor when he be merely a senior student , once he become the chief instructor and owner of the school , he revolutionize the curriculum to do thing that have not be do before-this be get out of your confort zone , know that you be do well , but that you know you be capable of further success . the chief instructor decide to expand the curriculum and incorporate social activity that will benefit the people in the community . in order to do this he be force to expand his staff on contract - this means that he commit to employ this staff for at least a year - , regardless of the outcome from the change in the curriculum . To make the story short , the exposure to community activity increase the popularity of our school , and the respect , reputation , and profit that come along with . it would have be financially challenge for the school to have staff that would have not be need , have the social activity addtion to the curriculom not succeeded-he would have think of something though . the chief instructor be look to be more successful through innovation and think out of the box , and in my opinion , he attain his goal . another example , and a more common one , be the introduction of Microsoft Windows as an operate system in @card@ ' S . before , Windows come all about , most operate system be base on prompt and response and peole be use to it . system like dos and Lunix that be monotonous , but work well . Mr. Gates take a tremendous risk in create a whole new interface to use in the computer , an interface that be more expensive and complex , but turn out to be more effective and entertaining for most user . nowadays , Windows be the most popular operate system . take risk mean think out of the box , moreover , it take courage and confidence , to materialize the idea . Mr. Gates , think Windows would work , take step to attain his goal , and succeed . in conclusion , try new thing , while risky , can improve the individual and the outcome through challenge out endurance and tolerance . no one say it will be easy , but if you be persistent enough , you will eventually succeed . 	SPA
in today ' S world , people should know everth for a good life . for instance a manager have to know advertising and also have knowledge of account in order to be an effective one . as far as I ' m concerned , it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . there be many advantage and disadvantage of have broad knowledge of many subject . however , I want to explain its advantage because it be more heavy than other . first of all , knowledge do not make a damage to brain . it be always usefull for example I be a math teacher nonetheless , I have many hobby like painting . I go course on this topic drawing or color . my friend meet me to an exebition a result of this this knowledge about painting get me an advantage such as have entellectual knowledge . secondly , life be so complex and full of task as a result of this , every time in our life we need kind of knowledge . consequently , it make our life easier . I want to explain this with an example . for instance , I be a student and in my daily life I do n't need the knowledge of economy suh as interest rate but on the other hand when I want to be a cashier in a bank , the manager of the bank ask me while I apply for the job that do you know what the interest rate and how it be count and how it change the amount of money . thus , I have no cahnce , I have to know that if I want this job . consequently , it make my life easier such as so as to attend a job for earn money . most important of all , people who have broad knowledge of many academic subject be always acheivers . for instance , I read Einstein ' S life one week ago and understand that Einstein be one of these kind of people . he have wide range of knowledge about everth such as science and also math . this knowledge make him in order to establish new scientifical research . all in all , have knowledge of many subject make our life easier and also make us happy at the same time make succesfull . 	TUR
that be a very difficult question ! but me personally , I disagree . I think as old you get as more you will enjoy the life . it have something to do with the life experiance , the money or the income , the knowledge . . . that should n't mean , that young people do not enjoy their life . but I think , they enjoy it in a different way ! and that ' s the fun part in your young age . when you be young , you normally do n't know that much about life , so you have to adventure it . normally with no or with much less money as you will earn when you ' re geting old . and that mean , that you can concentrate more on the real thing you be interested in in life . as an example : when you be young and you want to go on vacation you ' re look for a cheap way of do it . . . maybe a very cheap flight to Mallorca/Spain , a youth Hostel for @card@ buck per day . no breakfast , coz you still have enough alcohol in your stomach , from the night before . . . I be @card@ now . and this kind of vacation would be way to hard for me know . but when I think back . . . @card@ year ago I would have love it . now I would rather flz somewhere very nice , with a nice hotel , maybe a rental car . some sightseeing . and in the evening I would go out for dinner . To a nice Restaurant , with some delicious food and a nice wine ! ! ! ! so for me . . . I enjoy my life more when I ' m get old ! 	GER
school that teach k-12 student require student to study various subject . these subject that the student learn be not necessarly useful in their carrier . I believe that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . if it be good to master in one specific subject , why do the school teach numerous subject to the student ? a student might agree that the subject that they be learn in school be useless and meaningless to learn . this be not true because as you grow more mature you will realize that the thing you learn in school really come to help in the real life . so it be good to study and have knowledge on various type of subject rather than have unlimited knowledge on one subject . it may seem well to specialize in one specific subject when you get a specific job that require those knowledge you learn . well , this be just in your carrier . when you get out to the social world , the thing you learn be too professional that no one , but you and people who work with it understand . if you want to get involve in a social life and understand life well , it be good to know many thing . for an example , when you go to a party where all kind of different people gather . you want to talk to people , but you only know that specific topic and do not know other topic that people talk about . as a result , you will be seclude and feel alone . in conclusion , it be good to have broad knowledge of many subject than to specialize in one specific subject . with broad , but many knowledge you will enjoy good life where you be not leave behind , and you will be able to appreciate other people ' S opinion more . on the other hand if you only know about a specific subject , you will be leave alone and feel seclude . To lead a successful life , it be good to know alot of thing rather than a specific topic . 	JPN
recently , people be interested in what they choose their job for their life ? however lot of people believe that only do what they alreatdy know how to do well be good than take risk and try new thing , but i don agree with this . first of all , accord to the Dr , gong who be the the processor of future business in Korea , he say that to be the professional in one section , it take only about two year if we try our good . so if your job have lot of competition it will be hard to be successful in that section . you should change your job that nobody can think about your same idea . secondly people who be successful in their business be unusal idea which be like make the bulb , connect Internet . I think if you know how to do well be many people can do it . Let ' s say , you be good at math , if you go to make a job with the math , you be suppose be a teacher there be no other choise . therefore if you think someone like your idea , you should try new thing and take the re 	KOR
advertisement be everywhere . on TV , in shopping mall and in the newspaper . and every brand and product seem to be the good in its category . but do the advertisors tell the truth or do they lie or exaggerate about their ` ` perfect ' ' product ? this be exactly what the give statement be about . I agree with the statement , that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . for example : laundry detergent . every brand claim to be the good product , to make your clothes look like new , to remove every single stain . they compete in compare their product to each other . and their product be always good than the one of the concurrent . but in my belief this be not true . some advertisement say , that they don ` ` t bleach your clothes , that they still look like new after @card@ wash circle . but no detergent can hold this statement . another example be shampoo . if you would trust the advertisement , every shampoo can make your hair shiny , strong and even not greasy anymore . but this be so untrue . shampoo often don ` ` t hold the consumer ' ' S expectation . my last example be cigarette . in advertisement cigarette seem to make you feel free , that they make you happy when you be sad . they even make you feel like in another world . but be this really true ? Doesn ` ` t it have any disadvantage or even danger ? of course it do ! only a few year ago no cigarette advertisement say , that cigarette affect your health and that they can cause cancer that sometimes end in death . today they warn their customer in advertisement and even on cigarette box , but it be usually write in a very little size and so often ignore or not see by consumer . some consumer take these warning ironically . in conclusion , you always have to be aware that advertisors try to sell their product to earn a lot of money . that ` ` s why they sometimes exaggerate or even lie what their product be able to do . the and if so , it make you should be careful and you should buy different product to compare them to each other and to think about how they can harm yourself or other . only then , you will find out which product be the good for you or which product you shouldn ` ` t even buy because of their harm . 	GER
the development of science and technology have imply a permanent increase in product and market ' S option in our time . the public need to know which product exist and which be thier caractheristics and quality . for this reason , the advertisment be play an important rule give us , the comsummers , the posibility to know about what we be go to buy . but the advertisment need to offert a good product for sale and then they can give to the people a false valoration of them . the advertisement always be go to express a partial opinion about the product : the owner ' S consideration . first , he need to create the idea that you need it . Later , he will convincent the public that what he be offer be the good . in all case , he will try to give you the good opinion . even , without see the thing or taste it first by himself a person can think that this product be the wonderful and buy it . in addition , a product can not be very important for you , but if you see it in the commercial you can think to buy it and you can create a reason for this purchase . in many case this product will remain in the garage or in some place of the house you can not remembar later . the adverstisements be go to express every time acceptance and good opinion about the product because they pretend to catch the comsumer ' S attention and make it enter in the market in a competitive way . when a new thing arrive to the market , it must show sufficient quality and presence to compite with the other product of the same kind that already exist and win costumer . for this reason many product only have a good presence and there be not as well as thay must , in account to the commercial . I agree that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be and they lie to the public with bussiness porpouses . costumer must be carefull of the purchase and try to warranty it too . 	SPA
the technology keep on change day to day . in the next twenty year people might not be use as many car as there be today . although car be the major means of transport today , by the increase technology there might be a new vehicle that may be replace the car today . also the scarcity of the resource may urge us to less the car number . now a day many people be use the car in all part of the world . the more we use the car in number there will be more demand for the resource for car fuel . by the next few year the fuel which we be use now for the car may be in scarcity . so the world will any have to abandon the use of the car as they be run out of fuel . so people will certainly look for the other fuel vehicle . thus the number of the car use may be reduce in the next twenty year . there be always be a new thing replace the old one in this world . people be always hunger of hunt the new technology . as the car be the fast transport medium within the city and also comfortable mean , people be use them in large number . if a new car with new technology and with good speed be bring in the market , people will rush to buy it . in fulfill the requirement of the people there might be a new vechicle , which may be a small air craft , in the market that attract the people . then the people will obviously will keep the car in the back . so the era of the car may change with the introduction of the new transport vechicle leave it to the back store . the advancement in the technology , the change requirement of the people and the change environment may some day , probably in the next twenty year , reduce the number of car we be use now . 	TEL
not just because I be a lawyer I can neither agree nor disagree to this statement because it be far to general . a person who do not enjoy life as a young person will most likely also not enjoy life when he become old just because he have just never ` ` learn ' ' to enjoy life . even if you look a the question as a comparison of people at one define time one ca n't evaluate which group of people enjoy life more than the other because it just depend on to many factor and age itself be rather an unimportant one of these . much more important be factor like , health , relativ wealth , and environment . however I believe the most important factor be personal attitude . personal attitude be so important it can even outweight many or even all factor . anybody would agree to this in general however very few try to benifit from this fact . e.g. somebody who be healthy , rich and life in a peradise among many friend but will be unhappy would look for a reason and maybe just come up with the fact that he be relatively old . the other example would be a young , poor , sick , and lonely person . this person could still be happy and enjoy life and would not even think about the question why he would do that . whether you be young or old doe not indicate anything about whether or not you enjoy life . I personally think that my life have improve a lot since I have grow up . I think I will never fight my age but work on myself to improve myself and my attitude and to enjoy the thing that be really important in my life which be my two son and my wife . if my family and I stay healthy than what else do I need ? 	GER
nowadays , young people do not give enough time to help their community . i agree with that statement and i think that there be several reason for that . first , condition of life have change , everything be go faster now , people do not have much free time , they time be separate between their study , their part time job , sport , and some social activity so after all this they do not have much time leave to do something else . second , people now be no longer attach one to another as they use to be , its just like if they use the means of friendship and communication directly with other . so as a result , if they not communicate well they will not be able to help their community as a group . finally , before in a neighbourhood eveybody know everybody because there be not much people , but now its get crowded and they may not know who be their second neighbour . so how would they meet and try to help their community if they do not even know each other . To sum up , i think that people should well organize their schedule and find some time to help their community because after all that be where they live . 	ARA
yes I do agree with that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help community . Bcause nowadays young people very much intersted in enjoyment and they don n't care what be happen in their community . what be a community ? . community be group of people live place with similar custooms , and helpling each other in need . even though if you be busy with your work , study or somthing else as member of your community you need to help in the development of your community . but the present youth not help thier community rather they be waste thier time by spend time in Internet cafe , watch movie , or romonig around the city . they could help thier community by do some volunteer work . Mainely the youth be get distract into unnessasory thing , like waste tmie on browsing , chat rubbish with somebody . What the youth thinking be enjoyment , for that they be drink in the pub . spend the whole evening in the pub or road . rather they could do some thin in the evening or at any time when ever they be free , by participate in progarmmes which be plan for community development . in addition they don n't luistening to their parent about thier involvement in development of their community . on the whole , I can conclude one main thing be that as a part of your community youth should help their community by spend soome daily you could do some thing which id usel to your community . 	TEL
I personally believe that experience and practice be what make a person perfect , accord to the proverb ` ` Practice make perfect . ' ' one need to have some sort of experience in an area to be successful ; for example a previous mistake or a wrong decision that have be make . To begin with , I would like to give an example of my personal experience . in the summer of the year @card@ , I have dislocate my knee during a physical education class at school . we be play kickball and it be my turn to kick the ball and run . due to the slippery floor of the court , I have slip and almost break my left leg . it take me a large amount of time to start walk , run and even sit again , and the doctor have forbid me from play any sort of sport again , as there be a big risk that the same accident would happen again . however , I do not listen to the word of the doctor and start play basketball , my favorite sport , as soon as I be able to run again . I even join the Varsity Girls Basketball Team of my school . now the season be over , and I be glad that I take the risk . however , if I hurt myself again , I would never regret what I do , because I would take a lesson out of it : not to disobey my parent and my doctor again . another example of take risk and try new thing would be join the chess club of my school . I have never play chess in my entire life , but as soon as I join the club , my knowledge of logical thinking have flourish . I enjoy play the game , even outside of the club , and I be proud that I take the risk and join the club , even though I be nervous and shy at the beginning . some people tend to hate seafood , while other can not live without it . I believe this be a matter of choice and sometimes a matter of experience . disregard people who have allergy , an ordinary human being would enjoy eat something if they be raise eat it . I be a seafood fanatic , and therefore adore eat Japanese food . sushi , the most common type , be something I eat every week . some of my friend , however , highly dislike Sushi . my good friend at school have never try eat Sushi in her life , but she tell me about her hunger for seafood several time . therefore , I take her to a Japanese restaurant once , try to convince her to eat Sushi . she do not want to eat it at first , however when she try it , she absolutely love it . now , every week me and her go to our favorite destination , the Japanese Restaurant . experience be something that happen once in a life time , and can be use numerous time for different thing . I believe that try new thing and take risk , such as visit different country and ride the fast train in an amusement park , will expand a person ' s overall knowledge and turn them to an open-minded person . 	TUR
old people be a young people at their old time . they do what young people be do know . they be experience about what life look like . they also enjoy their life at that time . this be the reason why , they always give sugestion to young people about what do they have to do about enjoy their boriying life . first they can not do what young people be do wity use their fresh bodys anymore . exactly they want to do that movement which young people do but their bodys do n't let them to do . they can not what be go on becouse they be so healtful and they could what they wantted to do with use their leg , their hand and other organ , but they ca n't use these organ anymore . it ' S like drama for them which they be act main charecter . second young people be excite to that becouse this a new field foe them ; they be bear and they be n't try this life in mother stomach , life be start at the beggining for them . it ' S normal to try everth . espesially for fun . human being can be live on this earth only one time and you can not choose your end so human being must be enjoy their life . young people be much more brave then old people becouse they can do eveything they want to do with their bodys but old people ca n't don that kind of action . they have reguluar life and they support their childrens to do what they personally can not do anymore . young people enjoy when their childs can do what they say to them . they really enjoy when the childrens listen their sugestions . for my oppinion young people have adventages about enjoy their life and young people know what will be at the future . 	TUR
the one of my favorite hobby be travel . I disagree with the statement that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . I think , when I travel without any tour guide , I can go any place which I would like to go , and I can find my favorite place or thing , and I can get more strong friendship . Fistly , without any tour guide , our travel will be more flexible for plan where to go or when to go . in my case , when I travel with a tour guide , there be the place where I want to stay for more long time , but he say ` ` we must go to next . ' ' I feel unsatisfied . secondly , it be possible for me to find a place or a thing which be not so famous . that be to say , I will get my own special place or thing . I do not like crowded place , so if I can find unfamous , but very good place or thing for me , I think I be happy . finally , if there be no guide for our group , we will get togehter to make our travel more precious . I have a friend good at make a schedule , so with her I feel more happy , and our travel will become more valuable , moreover , our friendship will become more strong . for these reason , I think the statement that the good way to travel be in group lead by a tour guide be not so good . travel be very exciting , so I wish I could go everywhere . 	JPN
in these day a lot of people especially old people claim young people do not heve enough time to help their communuties . the old people around me be complain the same problem . however , i do not share their idea . in my opinion young people try to give time to help the charity but they have n't get enough time because of the rush oh the twentieth century , Young people heve a lot of work to do but not enough time to spend in this century . however they spend a lot of time to their community , for instance they be visit their familiy in every celebration . if they have they give it to the poof people . for example last night in a television show a lot of people give money to a charity to plant tree and most of people who give money to charity be young people . actually there be n't any old people there , this an remarkable point , a lot of people say young people be guilty about this topic but may be old people be guilty there be an adage which come from hitits , in a hitit paper an old people be complain about young people . it show that complain from young people have never change , the people live in twenty second century may be complain from ypung people too , However it do n't mean young people be not gining enough time , in conclusion , the young people live in twentieth century give enough time to their comunity , even they have get a lot of job to do , we can see the from the television show or if we look at histoery we will see the same complainings , this be typicall thing so the old people have to get r ' d of the'r complainings , 	TUR
I do agree with the statement , and i would substaniate my stance in the succeed paragraph . primarily the rate at which environment be get polluted its tough to imagine people have an oppurtunity in use an automobile leave alone a car . Ofcourse many eminent people and reformer have join force to save environment from pollution it can be jus regard as a beginning . or a rennaissance in twenty first century go by the no of dramatic reform , protest go on inorder to save ` ` Mother Earth ' ' basically in day-to-day activity in the modern day scenario a vehicle have become a basic amenity . by vehicle i mean a car because on an average every 2 people to 8 people use a car in develop , develop nation . a car be a necessity earlier or a mark of an aristocrat or his associate . but these day it have become the order of the day to use a plush car even tough thier ' S no impending need for it . go by the design that be introduce in the market ` ` at the drop of a hat ' ' by the manufacturer in many nation its indeed tough to imagine a pollution free environment . they be reap rich profit and soar unparalleled height as far as their bank balance be concern . I do not mean that pollution be cause only by uncontrolled vehicle usage , but this definetly play the most significant role in contribute to enivronmetal degradation . it be give in an article of ` National Geographic channel ' s magazine ' regard the hazardous effect of the increase in the no of car in this century and their subsequent contribution to the degradation cycle . and uts astonishing to note down that a staggering @card@ percent of pollution be contribute by vehicular pollution . so in the wake of so many fact come to light and few developed nation , superpower like China amend law to protect the environment and more importantly make their citizen abide by the law it just might be a tough go for car manufacturer in the future . actually people do not use vehicle in venice which be suppose to be the pollution free state in the world but there ' s a possibility of some one come out with a break through like say an eco friendly car , probably we might to turn to that car . Goin by the theory of uncertainity its highly unlikely that car can be operate with same regularity in future owe to law of nature , demand circumstance like environmental degradation and spread of various health hazard there ' s a bleak future for various car manufacturer who have earn money tht'l cushion future generation . I feel that there ' s an urgent need to address the problem of pollution , health hazard result from the harmful gas an automobile may emanate . as they say ` ` PREVENTION be Always BETTER Then Cure ' ' .we should take note of these problem and strive o find a fitting solution to the already dilapidated environment 	TEL
good and hard question . I think this question ' S answer be not yes or no . because young people have get alot of enercy and movement , but they have not get a lot of money : ) so , they young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . young people ' S mind be be heavy . they like play game , party and another thing . I think they dont know their responsible . for example a student be very work your lesson . but you dont it . why ? because he be lazy . be good than work . their know be swiming and play and another activite and freedom . Immm . I think very bad sentence . 	TUR
now a day young people be give enough time to support their community , the young people have to their responsibility they have to work for there community if the people make them to avoid from help their community they may face sopme problem in the future . if our whole society help to the poor people then the country will be good and we wont find any illitrate in t he country society have arise and make help to the poor people . for example : if one help to any poor guy we have to encourage so that he can make more or we have to help them by the capability we can help . here the problem for the young people if they concentrate on helpng htere community they may lose there knowlegde in the education side and they may not capable to concentrate on the study and may not be help full to the country . young people now a day do not give enough time to helpng their community because they be not motivate by any one person to do help for community every one be preffering to do their own feel they have to be happy . especially young people be more intrested in enjoyment . To make young people to help for the community they have to motivated by some one who can lead the role for the youth by that the young people will be give enough time to help the community . here i want to say that the young have to all the work which be require to them help to the community be not a big work to them by that they can know responsibility about the community . if we ask them to do suddenly they may not intrested in the work . if the young people thing to work for their community they can build a good country of their own and get good name to them . they have to improve the help nature by motivate the other the community . every thing as its own advantage and disadvantage , advantage : young people can know the responsibility of their own and can be inspiration to the other generation . they can be easy connect to the other and get any help when ever they require of some help . disadvantage : young will may effect the education if they concentrate on helpin to the community . they may miss some valuable part of education and they will be as illitrate . 	TEL
with the development in the technology , there be more new transpotation vecihles invent . one of most important invetnion be the invention of car . with this invention , a lot of development occure in people ' S life . it porvides a lot of opportunity in transportation - especially shorten the time pass on way . however the invetions cause many problem in term of enviroment and the daily city life . thus I do agree with the statement claim that in in twenty year there will ne few car in use that there be today since people become more aware about utilize a car and the new regulation of the government in term of the protection of the enviroment and mesures to decline problem about daily city life . the main environmental problem be arised by the use of car be air pollution . as to the statistic more use of car cause more pollution due to gas produce by a car motor thus nowadays people be more aware about this danger . thus they may tend to use their car less to prevent the air pollution . the use of car also lead to problem about daily city life such as trafic jam . because most of people live in the city have car , traffic be generally overcrowd so people waste a lot of time to arrive where they want to go . due to this problem they start to use the public transportation instead of use their own car . in short because of the enviromental problem and the daily city life problem people tend to use f 	TUR
the issue that will be discuss here be whether young people nowadays give enough time to help their community or not . some might say that young people be more educate today to be ever of the problem in their community and more enthusiastic to help . while on the other hand some might say that Young people today be too busy in their own life set up to look beyond it and help their community . well , I would agree with the first set of people who think that Young people nowadays take out enough time to help their community . firstly , the reason I think that young crowd nowadays give enough time to help their community be because they be more educate and be aware of the problem that lie in their community in which they have grow than the young people of generation before this . let take an example of a young man who have face difficulty in his childhood because of lack of good school in his village . now that he have somehow manage to get education and get a good job in a multinational company , he know the benefit of good educational facility . he know with his experience and exposure to the world that his village can grow and develop if the child can get good education . so he would take out time to put conscious effort in the development of his village . secondly , take the same example of this young man who be employ in a good company also earn well as compare to the young people before . he have enough money to help the people in his community and will to change the infrastructure to facilititate the young generation in thier development . finally , I believe the young generation today be more enthusiastic and be fill with more jest to take out extra time to change the condition exist in their community and help the people who need it . the education system today have change which teach more moral value and inculcate a sense of responsibilty in the young generation to help their community and their country . the young people today have learn to prioritise their work and have become more effective in manage their time . so I think the today ' S generation be more effective in help their community . 	HIN
knowledge ` ` its good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . ' ' I agree on this statment because knoeledge save alot of people from a lot of dangerous thing . ` ` a little knowledge be dangerous . ' ' I have faith in this say let take the medicine such as pain killer as an example . people with a little knowledge mite think that take more pain killer will help kill the pain faster , in the other hand well educate people will rialize that take over dose of pill will have a lot of side affect on the person who take these pill , thats why a person must have a broad knowledge of many academic subject . this do n't mean that the person must be well educate in every thing because the say say : ` ` a man of all trade be master of none . ' ' it ' S hard to know each detail of every thing in life because this will rouin your focus at the important thing in each subject in life . my advice to every one be to try to educate your self in every thing and this do n't mean to go through detail in every thing . but each person must have a specipic subject to know every thing about , and try to gain information from different people you meet in your life with different education because : ` ` Christmas come but once a year . ' ' 	ARA
I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing because it be their risk that be responsible for the technology we be enjoing in our present life . there be many situation that would support the above point some of them be if we take the field of restaurents then we be see that many established restaurents be always try to keep their presence in a new way and also we can say that people be also enjoy that . so that we can strongly say that these hotel try in a new way be help them . in the case of automobile also these company be try to follow the new way and be also these company be invest a lot of amount on the research and developmet and be provide their customer with good facility to satisfy their customer who will be wish to go for a good one . from these example we can get that try new be always well but it be also have some drawback and if they go in a wrong way it may leed to their destruction , so they should be concious while go for the new way . risk be must in this competitive world and with out that we can not be taht successful in our life so a successfull person cannnot stand on the same thing because he be successful only becasuse of the risk they have take in their life . finally it be clear that notonly those successful man every body should go for risk to enjoy a great life of achievemets . we have some live example like some bussiness legend who reach the peak of their bussiness and be prepare themselves in social service . no body can walk with out fall often , so nothing can be achieve with the risk . 	TEL
I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . I think success have a great deal to do with factor of adaptation to the new environment , improvement of their own method and challenging spirit . people who have these factor tend to new thing and take risk . first , successful people try new thing and take risk to adapt the new environment . the environment around us have rapidly change recently . for example , the invention of Internet make world borderless and email shorten the time to convey the information . under these circumstance , we have to adapt it to success . in order to adapt it , we should try new thing , or new environment , and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . for example , most relate to the it industry be successful because they can adapt the new environment earlier that ordinary people . this be because they try to launce new thing which no one do n't . second , successful people try new thing and take risk to improve of their own method . I think that do the same thing such as do what they already know how to do well provide only the same consequense . there be no improvement and progress . in such case , we can not be success because success have to do with something superior to otheres . in other word , even if the method be superior to other at one time , it be the same level or inferior to other for a while . for instance , Ichiro Suzuki , who be a major league baseball player , continue to seek the new butt method to improve it every year . needless to say , he be one of the most successful people . third , successful people tend to have challenging spirit . I think that it be important to do new thing . do new thing bring us new skill and discovery . those lead to be success . in conclusion , I agree with the statement successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well for the main three reason state above . 	JPN
as people ' age change , they begin to enjoy different pleasure in life . young people have fun and feel very pysched at time when they believe they be be praise by other . I remember , for a while in my life , anytime I would walk into someplace with a slick and snazzy new haircut , I would believe people look up to me , and it would be for the rest of the night that I ' d enjoy myself , due to my newly install confidence . however , no matter how illogical it be , that would be my almost only way of have fun . today , I have fun when I be with close people such as my good friend or family . I also enjoy lock myself up in my room and programming websites . Three year ago , I would mock someone who would tell me such a thing . I would n't consider fun , and on the contrary I would consider it ridiculously boring . for my parent , they have fun play the slow card game ever ( which I think be call Bezik ) . at this age , I do n't understand how they consider that to be fun . they also enjoy go on boat trip . To me , nothing could be more monotonous than the empty sound of the lonely sea . however you never know , maybe in around @card@ year , those may be my pleasure in life . maybe , I will begin jog every morning by six a.m. at the age of sixty . What my pleasure will be , be certainly not certain . the same apply to everyone . therefore , I do n't believe that the question pose can be answer . I believe all age group have their own way of have fun . you can not compare one ' S action to another one ' S action , if the action have their own definition for each individual . 	TUR
I recently read an article about support group , which have to face the situation of very low activity participate rate among their member and lack of new application . since I also lead a support group for keep clean our city park , I can confirme this tendence and I agree with the statement . I ca n't stop ask why young people do n't want to be involve in activity , which can improve the life quality in their community . lack of time be the first most popular answer . nowadays youngster be very busy : if the school do n't give them enough homework , parent will find some extrascholastic activity . friend be also important , and something do with them seem to them to have more worth than something do for the community . help the community bring not only benefit to the community itself , but also to who participate in the activity . stay together be essential for a social animal like the human be . in conclusion , more should be do to involve young people to help the community . school and parent should be the first to promote such activity , show the benefit that can be achieve , and not hold people back ! 	ITA
I do agree with the statement ` ` it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . ' ' To understand idea and concept be not very easy but once you understand , to know the fact be easy job i think . I would like to talk about base on my experience , when i be study i use to learn fact first then try to understand idea . that be a huge mistake for me , i think i understand what i learn but it be not . I be understand totally different way so i have to study again which take much more time . also when we have group work i be the one who always give wrong suggestion and it be very embarasing in fornt of my friend . so , from that point i decide to change which be understand idea first and learn fact . it be little hard for me at the first time but time go by it be much easy for me to learn fact after understood idea . well not only that , after I understand idea and concept i have a lot of question to ask and opinion to suggest . also time that i spend on to understand become much more short so i can study other thing as well . in the class I be the one who never ask question and suggest my opinion in class but i change . How ? I become the one whos most talkative in class because to understand what i learn i have so many thing to ask and want to know . so i know from that time , because i do n't understand the concept i have no question to ask and no interest to think about that topic . from my experience i do strongly agree with the statement . To do easy work or good work , to understand what be the idea and concept be the first thing to do then learn fact will be the fast way to learn from my opinion . 	KOR
the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide be a statement I can totally agree with and my opinion be base on several factor . first off , the main reason of travel usually be to explore the place visit , and see the beautiful attraction in it . that ' S why it be necessary to find a professional and experienced local to guide you to the place because he know his job and he know what he ' s do so he would with no doubt take you to the place often tourist admire like : beautiful scene and natural beauty . for an example , I remember when I go with my family to Egypt . I remember we meet this young woman who be appoint to meet us as our tour guide . I ca n't find word to describe how excellent be her choice and how greatly be we satisfy with the place we have see and the activity we ' ve take part of , since we see most of the breath-taking attraction in Giza like : the pyramid , Sphinx and the national museum in that area where we have this short lesson about hyroglyphs . also get a tour guide who ' S also local can make a splendid combination because you ca n't find someone who ' d try hard to show you place in his town to make you love the place like a local . second off all , by get a tour guide you can avoid some great deal of trouble you may face if you be all alone . tour guide often accompany with security guard who ' re common and familiar with situation that can cause some tourist a kind of unhappiness , or make them uncomfortable or in bad case be in danger such as : get catch in the overwhelming traffic , be lose , get a good deal of disturbance by beggar , or even in bad case be endagered by tourist-targeting criminal . so that ' S why I do think that tour guide be a must , instead of go solo , get unsatisfied with what you see and give the place you visit a bad name as a result of that choice you ' ve take . 	ARA
I disagree with the follow statement . because from now so many people buy the car , and also so many people use a lot of car . so even in twenty year there will be not few car in use than there be today . also another reason of this statement be now so many car come out after a mouth of year or after 1 year . and some people buy one car , after that they buy new car . because the new car be good design and good look . so many in twenty year there will be so many car in more use than there be today , and also there will be a lot of new car be come out . 	KOR
if the ` ` success ' ' mean economical or scientifical success ( big money or new deveropment ) , I agree with the statement . recently , the people ' S life become more convinient because of the development of industry , and more homogenius in the means of infomation because of the progress of communication technology like Internet . so relatively comfortable life can be achieve by the routine task , or work . it mean new chalanges be not necessory for common life , so many people seem not to like try new matter . the chalanges be more impotant now ! in the field of science , new result only derive from new chalanges or idea . already know work only make already know result . in the economical sense , also new chalange sometimes make big success . but economical chalanges always bring some risk and easily become gamble , so we should manage our total risk . but l think it be also important to keep the traditional matter , theorys and caltures . they can be the basis of new one . and we can avoid some failure and accident from previous one . so in the means of ` ` importance ' ' , or ` ` important people ' ' , I can not choose one from these two . 	JPN
I agree that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be because of many thing . First and the most important thing be that the advertisement be make to sell product so it only talk or show the adventages of the product and they never mention the disadventages or the side effect of the product so people can only see the good site of this product and buy it . second there be product that be develop by more than one company which start a competition between them and ofcource since advertisement have a great role in the sell process of the product , these company try to make their product look good than the other company so they start to show some non major adventages that do n't really exist in the product to win the competion although big company with big name wo n't do this because it will effect their reputition but sometimes it may happen . third company wo n't pay to advertise its product except if they be sure that it will get them more profit so if the advertisement do n't make the product fit with the customer need , the company wo n't make advertisement to its product . last thing be that the art of advertisement have a concept to make a product look much good than they really be and here be an example . the film trailer and game trailer they be always make in a way so that people go watch this film or game after see the trailer but when they watch the film or buy the game they do n't find them as they expect 	ARA
people get education because the knowledge serve as the background set for young adult which mean that those complex math question or the date for a historical event be not apply directly on the society . thus , if I have to choose between understanding idea and concept on certain subject or learn fact , I would choose to understand idea and concept . there be two reason for agree with the statement . the first reason be because if you focus on understanding idea and concept , you can obtain knowledge much easy and fast . this be because when you try to obtain idea and concept to yours , it be easy to concentrate as the process of learn them be fun and interesting . for example , when I get the report card from school , I could divide them into two group . the subject with high grade be the subject I understand the concept and idea very well . the other group be consist of low grade which I consider bore and wait the class to end . as you see from my experience , the quality of outcome differ whether you understand idea or just try to learn fact . this show why it understanding be more important than learn fact . the next reason be that the idea and concept you understand remain for long time . this reason be conceivable among people . in my case , I still remember the math formula I understand in my high school day . this be because if you understand the idea or concept as yours , it can be apply to other area thereby the formula or other fact can be use and remember on and on even you become old . To sum up , the two reason present above show why understanding fact be more curcial than just learn fact . understanding fact help your knowledge be install in your brain in short amount of time with positive attitude towards it , and can be apply to other sphere as well . as I have experience variety of case relate to this statement during my high school life , I strongly agree with the statement . 	KOR
the good way to train and improve our intelligence be to make the brain work by understand and analyze different concept . therefore I definitely agree with this statement : brain ' S exercise be more usefull and important than memoy ' S exercise . the first step in the education of any human brain be to learn how to study and understand a new idea . learn by memorize new fact be only a mechanical exercise that can not increase our intelligence . therefore if we can understand a concept , we will be able to remember it and it will be part of our knowledge for ever . sometimes student try to learn fact because they think that it be an easyer way to learn ; but this idea be completely wrong . only understand the real and essential meaning of a new concept , the student will be confident and able to use it in his future . in addition , it ' S important to underline that the rule of teacher be to encourage student to analyze and study new idea . for example , I remember in my high school the support of my favourite teacher who be try to teach me how important be to study deep any subject instead of learn fact . in conclusion , I want to emphatize again the importance to understand idea and concept because be the good way to increase our knowledge and our intelligence : that be the real exercise for the human brain . . 	ITA
in my opinion enjoyment have avery different meaning . it vary from one perspective to other . some people think that sing dancing or other entertainment be enjoyment . and other think that reading book , help other watch the nature be their kind of enjoyment . so if we think about age group mostly young people want to enjoy life more than the old people . whatever ma be the type of enjoyment young people want to do it copletely without hesitation , restriction . young age be the only stage in the life where everyone full of colous , ambitious . the people feeling be just like beautiful butterfly . eventhough now a day the young generaation baame so competitive , careeroriented , they just dont want to suppress their joy . they be share their happiness , sadness . they be go to disco , concert , cinema . here exactly the old genaration be opoosing the young one . old people be usally more mature and behave like a stioic to the sitations . they take whaeever come in their life in the same way because their experience teach them a lot in their life . one imortant reason for this variation in enjoyment be differances in the hormanal leval . as the person become old his hormonal influence become less evident . their enjoyment level and expression directly correspond with it . even though some exception for this be ther but on the whole , young people enjoyment be high than the old people . in my house also i want to celebrete all the festival in a grand way . but my parent be always restrict me to that . though at that moment i feel Bt later in my life who know that i might do the same thing ! so in my opinion in general youngster enjoy more than the old age group . the reason might be hormonal influence or attitude towards life or theeir experience or they know the value of the monet well . 	TEL
first of all , I strongly disagree the idea of young people enjoy life more than old people do . I be think that old people could enjoy their life . evidently , young people be busy to prepare their future life . specially , after start school , they spend the most of time to study and learn skill . also , they have a lot of question of real life as they be grow and try to figure out the problelm through talk with friend or parent . they could enjoy life to spend time with friend but this be not enjoy . I would like to say that be one of learn how to stand between people in our society . some young people be not like that I mention in above . they be just spend time for fun . they do not think about their future . however , in this case be not only for all of young generation . on the other hand , old people could enjoy their life . they have comfortable time and money . old people who have a career on their job and good health , of caurse they can do . also , it cuold be good model to young gerneration . even my parent usually have a short trip together on weekend . when I see them , I be very envy them and I could have a chance to think about my life . there be many kind of way to enjoy life and everyone do . I support that many old people do comfortably enjoy life . 	KOR
accord to risk take there be two type of people ; one of which hate take any kind of risky attempt and the other be ready in orderto try new thing and take risk . accord to my oppinion people should be enough courage to take risk so that they could make invention , innovation and business . new foundation , invention be bear from the risk take attemps . today we be in the space era thank to those risky idea and doing . when we think about humanbeings first space travel . the possiblity of return alive be not much . . full of risk give its result so that new space station S cqan be establishedd . there can not be any scientist who could make his invention without try risky experiment . Edison could invent electric after his unlimited number of unsuccessful experiment . he sacrified much in term of risk attemps additionally in the bussiness life we see that the firm could be establish with a risk involment . Noione can predict whether or not his firm will make money or not . but there be many example of bussiness man who begin the entreprise with bank credit or loan with high interest rate which mean that he must earn with a high rate . this be also risk take . What be do to start and even to run a new firm . be also risk take . without risktaking nothing new can not be found . in brief in order to achive new thing like invention and to make bussiness the very first need be risk take ability . we be live in space era because of the risk take . there exist firm thank to risk take idea 	TUR
there be some people young people how do not give much important in help their community , they preoccupy in their own world . they get enough time in do all the other work and for help for their community they will run away , and these be the people after sometimes be the one who will be live in the same community . they should be remember only onething that if today they dont help their community , there will be a day where you need some help from them and on that day nobody will be their to help you . if we be not ready to help ourself no one will help as . when we be leave in a common place and we have to learn to help eachother , by this we can leave without any trouble . if we leave like onday day will come be their wouldnt be any problem in the world . by this we could leave as aonecoplete family , this what we all need to do ateleast try to help eachother , and i think this happening for ex if we take globalisation be the medium through which we be comming to one place and all rich country be help the poor country in a way they could this an example for their be people who be will to hep . we can not also say that young people be not help their community their some young people who be create awareness among different sector of people of the importants of help one another . they be form group and form community for those who be in need of help . so this suggest that their be a section of young people who be willing to help other people and community , but the percentage of these people be less and we need to increase this habbit and make sure that everybody inculcate this practice . 	HIN
there have be an argument about which be good ; have broad understanding in many topic or specialized knowledge in one specific subject . when it come to academic subject , I think that specialization be essential because of follow reason . almost all area of knowledge require professional specialist to handle and develope them because they be very complicate nowadays . it be true that our society need generalist who have wide range of knowledge , but generalist ' knowledge be base on the specialist ' work in each area . it be specialist who make a new discovery and produce knowledge , have the ability to perform sound researchs on each specific subject . that ' S why I assert that specialist ' role be primary . moreover , have broad knowledge be an easy job for everyone because share information be easy than ever before . we can easily search for the last knowledge in book and Internet . this make the generalist ' role unsignificant to be a generalist especially in these day . 	KOR
I am disagree with the statement because I think that the old people enjoy life more than young people . in fact I think that today a young people have every thing that he or she want and therefore do n't fight to conquest his dream or his desire . therefore after a bit time the young people be tired , because he know that he can have everything . in opposite , an old people know how to fight for conquest his dream because in the last time there be less thing . in addition today there be more and more problem in opposite the last time , because the society be become more industrialized and the people be always quickly . this trouble cause a generally unhappy and the young people doens't enjoy his life . therefore I think that today when a young people say that he be happy , it be n't true , but there be a way to hide a generally unhappy . 	ITA
we all pass by difficult moment in our life that will help us gain experience . I agree with the qoute that say ' s ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' , for many different reason . a person who try ' s new thing in his life , will gain experience and knowledge . take risk and learn new thing will develop a person emotionally and physically . it be a good thing for a person to be adventurous , and go through different kind ' S of situation ' S , because it help him learn new thing and lesson in life . by learn these new lesson ' S , and by be more experienced , a person will suddenly see himself optimistic , and happy . his reason for living will increase , because he will love life more , and would like to do new stuff that will entertain , and teach him . I think that a risk taker be a very confident person , that know ' s what he want ' S in life , and he be lucky to have this characteristic . it be a positive action that each person must choose to sucsseed in live , unlike the peolpe that only do what they know . these people that be not risk taker ' S will eventually find themselves not capable of do anything in life . they will regret not be risky , and not do and try everything new in life , and will hope and wish for time to go back , and do whatever they do not do . the difference between these two kind of people be that one be ready and willing to learn new thing and lesson ' S in live , while the other be be self-relient , scared , and lazy , and he will not sucsseed in live as much as the confident , risk taker . in conclusion , take risk will never affect a person in a negative way . it will help a person to have a great self-esteam , will make his confidence grow , and will make him successful in any situation he be go to face in life . 	ARA
teaching , learn , study : it ' s all a method ! during our school and college year , we have all have the chance to experience many teaching method throughout our professor . when some teacher believe that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept , other believe that what matter be learn the fact . during lecture , professor try to pass along a certain idea or concept to his student . undoubtedly , lecture be too theoratical and not too exciting , but remain essential . What will the student remember on the day of his exam from his lecture ? What be he supposed to remember ? I believe that part of make study an enjoyable experience , be understand the material we be study . once we have understand the material , it be print logically in our head . understand a lesson begin with understand the idea and concept , as they form the essence of the material . but to understand the idea and concept , especially when it come to complex idea and concept , it seem useful to start by learn the fact . learn the fact make you understand the idea and concept more easily . for example , if a student want to understand Einsten ' s concept of relativity , a revolutionary concept in physic , it would better to start with the fact . once the student would have understand the fact about the relativity concept , he could be more capable of understand the concept as a whole . therefore , i believe that it be as important to understand idea and concept , as it be to learn fact : the two be link to one another , lead to a good understanding of the material . 	ARA
as the young generation of child and teeangers continue to display themselves as unique , wild , and crazy , people tend to think they do not contribute to the community or promote altruism . in fact , they tend to think young people do the opposite . this assumption be not entirely a fabrication . there be countless of child who be willing up to give up their time to help the community . these occurences can be observe anywhere , especially in school . several school offer a myriad of student activity that help their community , which student volunteer generously . the most popular program among the student be orphanage or retirement home visit . student voluntarily sacrifice their time afterschool to take the hike to an orphanage or retirement home nearby . during these visit , student play with the child , exchange conversation with the elderly , help clean up trash around the area , all in all , promote warmth and happiness to the community . undoubtedly , these generous act promote a good environment . another program include Amnesty International , which take help community to an international level . student organize themselves into group and become aware of social and political injustice around the world . with knowledge , they promote social awareness and facilitate active political participation to fellow student by write letter to government . be future leader of the world , not only be they aggregate interest to government for the community , they be influence other to become equally aware of the world around them . undeniably , sometimes young people do become lazy and not help the community . they rather enjoy luxurious time in front of the television or play video game . sometimes young people just need their relaxation time and enjoy themselves as kid . a childhood must also be dominantly characterise by exuberance . furthermore , there will always be other more responsible kid do more helpful work for the community to counterbalance the laziness of other . benevolence and sacrifice be an indication of maturity . countless of young people already help the community voluntarily as see in the various successful school activity . however , young people be still grow and adapt . if they be n't , we should n't hinder the process and let them enjoy their childhood . 	CHI
I firmly belive that recently young people doesnt have enogh time to pay attentioning to their community . I be go to give some reason to support my opinion . first , in mod world society be be busy and there be many thing go on . I think young people be much busy than old time . study be get hard and hard young people may need spend more time on that . becasue they want to get good job and good life in future which may give us happy feeling . however , i belive they will forget about important thing as they focus on to the only study . for instance friendship , help people , care parent and brother and sister . volunteer be one of the good idea . they helpong people and they be learnd something from it at the same time . therefore they shold make time to help their community . second , i personally think it be a such a excuse . because actually young people have time . . . even they be study very hard at that stage they will have . if this kind of young people continue to inclise i would concern about the future . because help society be need for our life . it be essential and to be familiar with the people and community . we could find improtant thing from there and it will be useful for our future . still some may say young people do not care about this , I think they belive because it be only short time that young people enjoyning thire life . nevertheless , I belive to help somethign be essentialf for us to live in this world whatever that be . thus student shuld make time to help their community . in conclusion , I would ague that it be good to give the enogh time to young people more often . therefore parent should care about their child seriously to tell them to make a time to do the help community . I hope the young peple will think about this statement more carefully and wish luck to the future wourld . 	JPN
I agree with this statement . if a student once have understand an idea or a concept , he be able to increase his knowledge easily without learn a lot of fact . he will without doubt learn fact , but not because someone tell him the fact , but because his increase interest of the subject . and the interest increase because he understand the idea/the concept of a system . the global warming for example : if a student once understand the connection between the increase temperature and the effect of the climate , he be able to look deep , to see how everything be connect . this can be a very fascinating experience . it be also importent , to have an inspiring teacher who know , how to fascinate his student . if this be the case , the teacher do n't have to bother the student with boring fact , he just have to explain the idea/concept of a system properly . it be also important to give the student time and support to find out thing by themselves . the result be an increase self confidence . I guess it be like a vicious circle in a positive kind of way . once a student have gain more self confident , his interest in the matter be grow , the research be get more intense , the result be also get more accurate and he will learn the fact as a result of his interest , because he want to know the background . he do n't need to have a boring lesson to learn the fact . if he once understand an idea , the student be able to 	GER
I agree with the idea that most advertisement be good than the product itself . for example , when I read fashion magazine I find many attractive page which appeal various product such as cosme , dress , watch , and perfume . Whenever I look at these kind of page , actually I feel like buy them immediately . the one reason why people have interset with advertisement when look it be that it usually use female model whose style be good and it always look very enjyoable to use the product . it attract people and urge them to buy and wear them . sometimes people tend to forget that they do n't have same face , style and atmosphere with the model . it ' s a fault . after obtain product , people feel it ' s not well than expect because people do n't really need it . the another reason why most advertisement be nice-looking for people be it ' S quality . To compete with other company and get a big share of market , company make effort with various way , in particular for advertisement . a recent reserch show that @card@ percent company in fashion field consider they should spend money and time to produce an advertisement . for example , to hire famous designer cost @card@ time high than salary of one employee month . consequently the quality of advertisement sometimes win the real product itself . for these reason , I support the position of consider that most advertisement seem much good than the product itself . 	JPN
at the mean time , the world ' s most center problem be about world piece . Palestine , Irak , Afghanistan be some country where guilt and war can be find . these war happen in our world can be an effect from the cause of imaturity and irrespnosibilty young people nowadays be have towards the prespectives of their culture , society and themselves . in the old day , Education be one of important need poeple might consider . that be because of the great enthusiasim young people might be have towards accomplish their responsibilties . for example , the precentage of failure in Senior - high shool be @card@ % in the Middle East between @card@ . however , between @card@ the precentage of failure have be highly increase to @card@ % . this statistic tell that young people nowadays be not have the potential to accomplish their reponsibility , in order to respond it to several generation after them . this also may cause the communitity and the society to have a lack of Education that might effect the city with it ' S financial . money have be one of the main problem the society be have . Everyone be so concern about their financial problem this may cause us to forget about the need and the improvement our society might mostly need . this problem might inheret itself throught the come generation in a way that could effect young people ' S enthusiasim towards accomplish their responsibility . in conclusion , human be the one who be suppose to hold the responsibility , culture massage and most importantly the 	ARA
I agree with this statement . basically , travel should be enjoyable and fun to talk many people on during tour group , not only people local cevilians . on a group tour have more chance to talk people than travel alone . first , traveler will be a friend with tour guide , that be a first oppotunity . there be many advantage that travel in a group lead by a tour guide . first of all , traveler just follow tour guide . it be neccesary to make any tour plan or sightsee schedule . just listen and see what tour guide explain and sightseeing spot . Traveler concentrate what ever they want to see or whatever they want to learn or listen . secondly , travel with group lead by a tour guide be safe . tour guide have a responsibility to be in safe with traveler that mean traveler do not go to any unpeace place . even traveler do n't know sightseeing place be safe or not , definitely safe during tour . in case travel alone or no local friend , nobody know if traveler in unpeace place or not . it be danger . thirdly , travel with group lead by a tour guide will be convenience . which mean , traveler do n't wast a time as lose in place , do n't wast a money by cheat . as I mention above , sightsee place and time schedule be schedule by tour guide . so traveler go on schedule that mean there be no way to wast time and see anything traveler want , and traveler go in safe place to buy such as in shopping mall or meal . there be no way to anyone cheat them . those reason be not only domestic travel . I can say it internatinal travel as well . I recommend to go to travel with group lead by a tour guide especially internetinal travel . without say , people in foreign country speak different lunguage than traveler and there be not peacefull place . those be reason why I agree with statement . 	JPN
advertisement be really need for product , but extravagant publicity be to be militate . I agree with the follow statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they be . firstly , advertiments should provide infomation that a product have . i mean the quality of the product ( whether it have reliability and garuntee ) . the advertisors use some showy label , packing etc. , should stop . because they charge even for the packing which be expensive , ordinary people cant buy those thing even they be daily house hold product which be necessary . secondly they use some celebrites for canvass the product , they offer even some royalty from commodity sale percentage . thirdly , the advertisor attract the consumer , use graphic design and animation by show them more fascinating than they really be . these kind of thing really go to work on child for and make there parent to buy for them . and dazziling sticker also make them more attract . all these will definetly increase the cost of commodity so i finally conclude these kind of avertisements , imean , iagree with the quote that ` ` most adertisments make product seem much good than they really be . ' ' 	TEL
I be of the opinion that it be good to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . there be many reason and example that i would like to list in support of my position . First let us consider those case in which the author ' S contensions , in fact my contensions , hold good . firstly let us consider the field of science and technology . consider for example a biology student be face with the problem of replace the burn out fuse . if he do not have any knowledge about the electrical subject he may not be able to fix a very simple task . also a student of technology should have minimum idea of what medicine to take when a minor health problem arise . so a broad knowledge of many academic subject be necessary . secondly , if for example a student be confine to study only the history of his own country which be his specific academic subject then he may face problem when ask about the world history and some important event in the world history . thirdly , consider the example of desiging a computer . many people who do different task be involve in desiging a computer . if the person who design a part of the computer do not understand the funtions of other part and the link between those part then a computer can not be design . finally , also a person of sceince or technology may find difficulty in the bussiness world if he do not anything about the stock market . this can be extend even to politics . if the party member have idea only about their own party then they be at risk of lose their position if they do not have the knowlede about the other party . in sum , I would like to reiterate that it be good to have broad knowledge of many acdemic subject than to specialize in one specific subject which help an individual enhance his general knowledge in addition to the regular subject . 	TEL
all of the student who be in all over the world , we must learn a lot of thing and sometimes write report , orgnize idea , take examination and show how much that your understanding be . Everytime we must know fact and specific information to when we present the idea , make presentation correctly . so we must learn fact correctly because of if we do not know the fact , we can not understand really idea or concept and we understand more different thigs to concept ( or idea ) . the first idea , we must learn fact more than concept for the understanding of correct idea ( concept ) . for example if we do not know the fact of nowadys world , we can not why we must learn history . we learn history because of contrast nowadys and old type or just learn the how the historical world be . and , if we understand fact we can understand more easily about concept . the second idea be we must understand fact for understanding concept . it mean if we learn really about concept and some tip of fact in our brain the idea will be mix and make us confusing . for example of history , if we learn about only a lot of contry ' s damage of world war second it be fact of history but it too specific and we be confuse that we be learn about the situation of each country ' S damage or the world war second . in this situation we be learn about world war second , so to make us no confusing at the first we must learn about fact . that be my opinion that we must learn the fact than idea and concept because of understand what the important thing and main idea be . Everytime study about the main topic of major and understanding about the feature . however the most important thing be to understand the feature and use feature to understand the main idea . 	JPN
Broading kowledge of many academic subject be much well than specialize in one specific subject in my opinion . not only because it will be more interesting but also because people will benifit more if the subejects be vary . the main reason that broading knowledge be more helpful be that people will be aware of many thing in this world . they can expand their knowledge in an easy way too . if the subject be limit , a lot of people wont care to know about other thing in the world or in the kingdom which we live in . they will be satisfy to have the information that be circuld around the environment they live in . I cant judge and say that all people will have poor knowledge , but i ' m sure that the majority wont have that good knowledge . in other word , our society will be weak . also if knowledge be limit to omly one subject , scientist would n't have reach the success which they have today . for example , if Nuoten do n't bother to expand his research on the gravity and stay on figure out why the apple have fall toward the ground , i do n't think he would have know the formula of gravity at all . he could have spend his whole life think alone and not know the reason of gravity . I think that his effort in study every single detail make him conclude the concept of gravity . if i be give the choice in any university or in any school whether to study only my major or have additional subject , i would choose to study both my major and other additional subject . that way i will be not only well educate but also my mind will have a good understanding of the world which i ' m live in . 	ARA
the issue of whether young people these day , give enough time to help their community or not , be an issue that have be debate on extensively over the last few year . I personally dont agree with the statement as i feel that young people still play their part in help their community . the issue come up again and again because people just take the action of these young people to heart without actually understand the situation they face and see how thing have change for these young people over the year . first , i have always notice that it take a thousand good deed to be appreciate and just one bad deed to be curse . very often the action of one person be take as the trait of a group of people without actually know what these other individual be like . a few bad example have help promote the idea that the young people nowdays dont care . secondly , a lot have change in the life of young people . the world be a great deal more competitive today than it be ten year earlier . Everything from an education to an occupation demand much more . time can not be take for grant anymore and young people find themselves more and more time bind everyday . I dont think this aspect be completely understand . yet you see these young people do the good they can to help their community . a simple example of this be how at the time of someones death everyone be there to lend a help hand to the family which have suffer the loss , and at such occassions if you try to think about it its usual the young people who run around to help all the time . moreover , there be so many young people who have dedicate almost all their time to sever and help their community . there so many young people either involve with or run Ngo ' s or organisation which deal with serious issue like education or ample food and shelter for their community . these people have devote all their time and energy for the betterment of their community . in the end i would just like to say that , there might never be a common agreement on this subject , but i firmly feel that the young people be do their part . I guess all we really need to do be open our eye and see the big picture and i have feel that the result , like me , might not support the statement either . 	HIN
I agree with this statement that sucessfull people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . consider scientist Einstein who have develop the power and light source for the world because he have do his experiment sixteen time and he see the same result that be failure . but he never giveup himself and conduct the same experiment seventeenth time and at this moment he acheived a result and become one of the most recognizable person in the world . there be so many people in this way who try untill sucess meet them . now we look at the present technology and the innovation that be happen in the world . before the century if a person want to develop the power there be no way for obtain it . but another scientist name as Edison who be famous for his wooden block model bladeless trubine which be use to develop the power from the water . he might not be a sucessfull person at the beginning of the era but he conduct many experiment and reveal the result form great risk and win an international award which be give by the American society . I disagree with those people who will do the same thing that they have already know . because god have gift the people with superficial knowledge and one have to aspire that knowledge and one should increase the potential skill to develop the new model . when the people do the thing that be very know to them they will never obtain some thing different in their life and they be always seem to be in the same position . one should try for new thing which involve risksand many huddle , but when you pass through the risk there will be a result wait for you . so every one should try for a new thing . let us consider an example the person name as Newton , because he be unaware that he will be the most sucessfull person inthe world in the feild of science . he be just sit down the tree and suddenly an apple fall on him and he question himself immedaiately that how it fall and then as a result he discover the Newtons law of motion . so i would like to conclude that when a person take the risk and pass through the difficulty and hurldes instead of do the same thing that be well know he will meet the sucess . 	TEL
yes . I do agree that most of the advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . advertisement infact in today ' S world do not only mean the disposition of the product ' s essential feature and its look . instead they be suppose to be a glorify dispay of the product with the fake promise that it be and will prove out to be a very valuable product , which will indeed provide enough customer satisfaction . in some case the promise may turn out to be true as it totally depend on the the company and the ` ` product ' ' , the real one . advertisement be suppose to be in some case only heart winner ! I say only because the product of that same field , competitive product be all but equal in term of quality or quantity they provide . its only upon the marketing and advertising faculty of the organization if it can make it look ` ` much good than it really be ' ' . and only when it make a place in the customer ' heart would it be sell and the profitsfor the company flourish . in a world of competition , the manufacturer be compel to make the product percieved as the good it can be . and indeed as support by the study of the current market , the product that be well advertise be the most seek after by the particular segment customer . indeed if you add a bit of sheen to your product or make it look big , well , ` ` tasty ' ' or tempt to the public on the T.V , magazine or any other means of the medium , chance be that the customer in and except your clientele would be atleast somewaht lure the product . and though they might buy it only after careful examination of the product and considerable review from there friend , they be atleast usher to go to the market and check out how and what it really be . now the actual sale of a product would obviously depend partially on how well it really resemble the advertisement ` ` glorification ' ' and partially on the competition it face . so in my opinion the advertisement in today world be a neccessary part of the marketing process . as real it can be keep , it should be . but i would consider it compulsory to give a bit of weight to the product adn its feature . 	HIN
that be evident , life be not live in the same way when we be child or young adult and adult or age person . in my opinion , young people enjoy life more than old people do , and particularly very young people like child . I do not mean that being old be boring , but I think it be more exciting to be young . it recall me a French proverb that say ` ` we be not every day twenty year ' ' . first of all , it be a fact , child and teenager be more insouciant than adult and elder people . they do not matter about any problem adult have oftently . their only priority be to go to school . that leave plenty of time to enjoy life . by the way , young people have a lot of thing to discover . specially child who do not have any experience of life . go to the cinema , to the zoo , to the circus , unable child to apprehend the world he be live in . a few year later , young adult will discover new aspect of life such as sexuality and human relationship . Futhermore , young adult meet less problem than their parent . they be not still confront by rent a house , pay insurrance , manage to get a job , et cetera . 	FRE
I ' m not sure of this statement , I know a lot @card@ year old more sad than old people . To make an example , my grandfather be @card@ year old and he still enjoy life go around the world two time a year . I like his love for life , and I hope I ' ll have the same because if you do n't enjoy the life you should spend all the time sad and it be n't a good thing . I do n't think that the age be so important to determin the love for life . logically a young people can have more from the life than an old people if the speech be about the physics activity ; I can stay all night long or do many kilometer by bycicles . thing that an old people ca n't do . but as I write before be close to the physician charateristic . the problem be that many young boy do n't ejoy life and I ca n't understand why . too people in this time be sad maybe for the stress the fast of life-style that be concentrate only on work and stupid thinghs that you have to have to be similar to the other people . I think that the statement be too restrictive , we ca n't say surely the young people be more attract by life than old people because be not always true . another example be about a professor who theaced me few year ago , he be not young however his behavior be like the behavior of a young boy : his vitality and his capacity to relate with my classmate ( young boy ) . luckly the people who go out with me be full of vitality , so I never spend my time bore myself like other people do . I say this becouse I know a lot of people who seem afraid of life and stay at home all the time watch tv while out the sun be bright . 	ITA
it seem that young people nowadays do n't give enough time to help their community , I agree with this statement . but I have to say that it only seem that . I have twenty year old , so I ' m young , and then I ' m part of young people . since my point of view I believe to thing about this fact . at first I would want to focus on the fact that young people help , young people want to help , they want the society to ask help to them , they have the necessity of know that they be part of something and that this part be useful and that society need a lot of part , society and their community need every young for run a good society and that they be need . young people want the society to ask for them ! and that be where I want to arrive , nowadays society show an image of the young people as if they be lazy people , as if they only want to have fun and to be with their friend . and at least , as if society do n't expect no positive reaction of them . a lot of young people travel abroad to underdeveloped country to help as voluntieers . the fact that be , they can be voluntieers on their own country , they can take care of people around them , they can help in project of beneficency in their country , ... but what happen ? most of the time their own community do n't ask them help , they do n't know they can help in their own community and build a good society . in conclusion , I can state that society do n't encourage young people to help and that be because young people act in these two way : they get relax because they believe socitey do n't expect anything of them ; or they travel abroad , to underdeveloped country where young people believe that they really need their help . since my point of view , and apart of what I have say , there be people that be responsible with their community and have the necessity and the aim to help in their own community and also , they view their community necessity and want to help and satisfy them as far as they can do it . 	SPA
the world be change , also people be change . young people become more irresponsible , the world become more competitive and young people start not to care about thing happen around themselves . first of all , young people be irresponsible to what they do . young people be not help the community . we ca n't say , not at all . but it be reduce compare to long ago when it be 1900s , when the revolution be occure . at that time the lead group be university student . but these day , those age people be harm and ruin the society . since they do n't have any difficulty such as coup de ta't , war , or revolution . they become addict to drug , crime and other bad stuff . they be not responsible to what they do , especially for rich people when they make problem , they ask their parent to solve the problem . these irresposible act by young people ruin the society more than past . secondly , the world become more competitive . since , the unemployment go high and competition rasies . young people do n't have time to help their own community , besides community service which they have to do as a school work . young people should spend their time more in the study to get a job or to make their business big . otherwise they will be bury from the society . for example , my country during the 1970s people who graduate university could choose company where they want to work . but these day , even from the first rank university ca n't get a job . the percentage they get a job be @card@ percent . it mean it will become hard and hard . also , the competition will be more and more . lastly , young people do not care about thing happen around them . young people become selfish because of the second reason . so that they become dull about other people ' S harshness and hardship . so when they see old people stand in the bus when they be sit down . they rather ignore them or pretend sleeping . young people do n't want to involve other people ' S business , especially dangerous thing . when I be watch news program , I see an interesting news that show the survey . the surveyer ask people that when they see pervert in a crowded subway . most of people answer they will ignore it . they think that that ' s not their business . as time go by , the world become harder to live . and lesser people be help the difficulty in society , even though the society become harder , I want to encourage young people to help their society . when they ask me why , I will answer that ` ` you will see the different . ' ' 	KOR
I think that the follow statement ` ` it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject ' ' because this be a very important function . if you have broad knowledge of many academic subject you have the possibility to have a panoramic scenary to all over situation you have in your ` ` hand ' ' . with this conoscence you will be prepare to every situation . you will have a answer for every moment of your professional live . I think that many academic subject permetted at all person to be able to take all over profession . in stead of one specific academic subject do not permetted to be able to take any professional job . in end I think that this selection be prefered for me , but this be not equal for every other person . 	ITA
I do not think young people enjoy their life more then old people . I think they enjoy it in a more physical way maybe then old people . but I think old people enjoy life in a more contemplaining way . indeed when you be young you can do sport . I love horse-riding . in order to be able to ride a horse you need strong muscle . Strenght in this specific case be associate with youth . indeed when you be @card@ year old , chance be you will not have the strength anymore to hold yourself up on a horse . I believe that the shy capacity of do something can make one happy , just as the incapacity of do something can make one unhappy . as a consequence when I will be @card@ year old and I will not be able to ride horse anymore , that might make me unhappy . or , I will recall the time when I sit on a horse and will tell my grand child about how wonderful I look when I sit on a horse . which lead me to my next point . I be not capable of say today that I look wonderful on a horse . I think about improovement , when I think of horse riding . on the other hand , when I will be old I will be able to contemplate all the thing , I will have do physically and experience over my life time . in my opinion that be something just old people can do . which in my opinion be a good thing , because it show that nature be well make . young people have different way to enjoy life , in what they be able to do for example . and then their other way they be not able to enjoy their life , because they be young . the same go for old people . they have their way of enjoy life , like for instance contemplate their experience over a life time . why because they be old and they have live for a long time and they also have the time to think about it . just like I do not have the time to think about how I look when I ride a horse , because I be young and therefore I be think about improvment . so really there be a time for everything in life . there be a time to enjoy life , as a young person and as an old person and that make life probably fair . 	FRE
Sucess and failure lie in the hand of the person andalso depend on the the dedication and effort which he give on his particular work . I feel that succesfull people do different thing and enjoy do do them . these people generally dont depend on the result of the work which be do by them but they concentrate on the effort which put on it . this the good and most fascinating thing in them . when they donot try new thing and work stick to one kind of work which they be habituated to do which any risk and problem the man would certainly not call as a successful person . for example take a biologist resercher , he start reasearch in one particular feild and conduct experiment draw hypothisis and he continue the process till he succeed . he go for expedations and also do many adventure to study the nature of a particular species and draw conclusion by observe the behaviour of differnt animal in that species . his journey would be certainly though and it also take long time to make conclusion , if his conclusion be right and match he be succeesful in his reaserch , but he donot stop till he will reaserch on another species and his life go on . if he be confied to one particular reserch in his life time that would be that effective as thing go on change and the specie can adapt to differnt environment so he have to succed further . the same be the case of a bussiness manager or a owner of a bussiness . a bussiness man be succesful in the coprate world with his product and one a lot of profit with this product , but he will not be restrict to make that particular product only he would certainly do experiment and launch new product , if the product click he be succeesful but if the product doesnt click still he would be succeesful and would try to make implication on that . another thing be succes doesnot lie in do a routine job , everyone should experiment and do differnt thing as there be a lot in the world to still learn and we can come through them . if we be not succesful in any of the experiment we do it doesnt matter to do the experiment we get through the subject and we can then finnaly have a pool of knowledge on differnt fei 	TEL
I think that its much good for a person to have a specialized knowledge of a specific subject than have a broad knowledge of many academic . because be specialize in one subjuct get you to know more about it and to be able to discuss it easily and thoroughly without any problem , unlike have a broad knowledge of many academic because have broad knowledge leave you on the suface of eveything not be able to dive in any subject . for example if you where in a conversation session or on a debate about something , have broad knowege would let you be able to talk for alittle bit with everbody use the thin layer of knowledge you have to discuss stuff with people , but if you be specify in one subject you may be able to get into a deep intresting conversation . also be specialize in one subject give you well working opportinities than the opportunity give to broad knowledged people . because these day institution want specialized people that can handle complicatied isses in buisness and life , people that can be put in hard situation wich they can handle easily without panic and to problem , and talk about money wise these institution pay alot more money for those specefied people . another thing be that when we talk about the career issue specialized people be always remember and respect everywhere they go and thier name will not ever be forgeted , broad knowleged people they be not well know or at least the majority of them . for example when we try to say who be the good in chemestry of all time we have a name , or when we try to remember who be the good in math we have name . that do not mean that people who have broad knowlege be bad or have less experience but i think that specialized people leave thier memory on the mind of other or they leave thier finger print on the book of history . 	ARA
Nowsday , some may hold opinion that it be good to have broad knowledge of amny academic subject then to specialize o = in one specific subject . however , other may hold negative opinion about it . as far as I be concern , I do not agree that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . first of all , people will not study very well if they learn many academic subject . because they need to spare their time on so many subject . we all know that the more you spend on do one thing be good than the less you spend on do one thing . the result for you spend one hour on study be different from the result for you spend eight hour on study . if you spend more time on one subject , you wil know more about it . but if you spend time on so many subject , you can not deeply learn about them . secondly , if you have one special skill , it be easy for you to find future job . because you have specialize knowledge in one specific subject . many company need people who have special skill . for instance , in Canada , it be lack of people who know how to build cable . if a person have that skill , he ccan easily find a job and get high pay . however , people who haver broad knowledge of many academic subject can easily find job , such as in the foreign company , they require people to speak 2 or 3 language . Tthey may can speak 2 or 3 language , but they may not know how to write them . it be good to have specialize in one specific subject than broad knowledge of many academic subject . people can learn very well in one subject rather than in many subject . 	CHI
human have create these sense of go out of home call travel . travel be a very fun option for you to take . however it be not always the way you want it to be . on the one hand you have the opportuniy to travel in a group with a tour guide or in a group but without a tour guide . with these in mind I personally prefer to travel in a group with a tour guide because you have the opportunity to learn more and also because you have your schedule do . the first reason I prefer to travel in a group lead by a tour guide be because I can learn good the other culture . you have a guide give you and tell you lot of information about the new place you be visting . for instance if you decide to travel to South Africa you would not only understand even a word but also would not learn anything about these new country completely different from yours . the other reason I prefer travel with a tour guide be because the schedule be already program by my tour guide . I would not have any minute to waist time . I would take advantage of it in every single opportunity . in fact if you travel without a tour guide you may not be able to wake up at seven in the morning . a few year ago I go to Cuzco in Peru and I do not contact a tour guide . I do not learn anything about that incredible monument , you can not imagine how I regret it now . it be a waste of time travel there without a tour guide . therefore whether you choose to travel in a group or by yourself try to be lead by a tour guide and try always to prepare your trip very carefully in order for you to enjoy it . 	SPA
I absolutely agree with the statement that it ' s more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for then to learn fact . the only information from school that never leave a person ' S mind be the datas that he understand clearly . about @card@ year after I graduate from university , it be interresting and curious to see how I can explain most of my knowlegde to my son . most of those information be very well understand not just memorize . after a couple year , even if a person have a good memory , he wo n't keep in mind the concept and knowlegde that he never understand . I learn when I be a child a lot of verse on the bible , because my kid ' S school have learn me those verse . but now , because I do not repeat then all the time , I forget a lot of then . I di n't care to understand them , just learn then to have good grade . but now , now all I can remember be verse that they explain to me and those wich have a importance in my life . I think education today should focus more on explain thing insteed of just let student learn then . our world will be good . 	FRE
the follow essay deal with the question , wheater it be useful to have a broad knowledge or a small specific knowledge of many academic subject or not . firstly , it be obvious that there be no general answer for this question , because our modern world of work be too diverse for that . a wide knowledge of academic topic be need for repsonsible job such as politican or high manager . in some situtations they do not have a lot of time to decide what would be right or wrong . in such case they have to know thing clearly and precisely to avoid a wrong decision . another point be the educational sector of work . people who work in this category have to know the majority of their subject and very detailed as well . Proffessors or just a regular teacher have the duty to have a broad knowledge , because they must answer question immediatly and precise . other job may not require a huge knowledge on academic subject , because there be job , which need a vast background of know all detail and all information existened on one specific issue . people work in lab do not need to know all about chemistry , when they do repatative work such as reproduce specific drug . therefore easy or repatative work do not own the necessity to have wide knowledge . in conclusion it be necessary to distinguish between the huge difference of our modern jobworld . as I mention before , it be not possible to give an overall answer on this topic and it be useful to examine every case Seperately . 	GER
I be disagree with this statement . accord to my own personal experience I think that specialize on one subject be well than have a broad knowledge of many academic subject . I be an electronics engineer and the electronics be a very broad subject you can not learn everything on every subject First of all if you can not pick a subject than in the future time there can be some instability on your knowledge because you be not focus on one subject , the knowedge you have from other subject can misguide you in one specific thing . but if you be specialize in one subject than you know all the basic and important part of that subject and you become the person that be require for that specific topic at everywhere you go . as an example , my major be Robotics and Control so I be very experience in that topic and when there be a problem with control system in the factory , I can easily go and understand the problem and provide a solution as fast as possible . but if I be not specialize in any topic , than I would have to analyze the problem , do some research to increase my knowledge at the same time try to get over with the confusion in my mind from the knowledge of other topic in my head and than try to solve the problem . this will take long time and I guess it wo n't be that effective . most of the company today be base on time effectiveness and they ca n't wait for you to increase your knowledge for the job that assign to you . secondly , when you have broad knowledge of many academic subject , it be hard for you to show your eligence to the people such as they will ask you like what be your area of specializition and if you say I have a broad knowledge on many subject most probably they wo n't accept you because today the team work be the key point to the success , nobody need a person that say I have a very broad knowledge , I can do everything require on my own , I do n't need somebody else . you can not compete yourself with a team with mix of specialized knowledge about the topic that be relate to them . in brief , I think it be important to specialize in one specific topic . by this you can work in any team and with the mix of this specialized knowledge the team work be the good way to provide solution to the problem . today at every company the team be provide solution and conduct research and nobody on his own can provide much . 	TUR
` ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ' ' Traveling be really important to my life . travel can show us a lot of thing and make us learn about a lot of culture . travel in a group can certainly make the trip fun and nice . in my opinion , a group do not need a guide to help him . discover and take risk , in a group , of get lost be fun and be an unforgotten memory . travel in a group be always part of my vacation . last summer for exemple , i travel with my friend to Spain to discover the country and to get to see a new culture . there when we arrive , we do n't have any guide . so we taked a taxi , give him the adress of the hotel and he dopped us in the right place . after we deposit our bag in our room , and talk to one of the employee , we go to the resterants he talk us about and have so much fun . on our waybak , we get lose in the city and could n't find the hotel . after three hour of walk and the help of the other , we arrive to the hotel and sleeped . What be interesting , be , when i talk to my friend about how we get lose and how scared we be , they laugh and they dream if these day can come back . so we can think that travel in a group with no guide and get lose , be an entertaining part of the trip . another reason why people do n't need a guide anymore . because of the Internet and the easy way to know the place where we want to go . when my family organise a trip to a country or anywhere , they take and do everything on the Internet , include the address . also with the flourishment of the technology , we have the GPS that can locate our place if we be lose . in the end , travel with a guide be not necessarly the good way to travel . there be a lot of other way that can be enjoy . 	FRE
I be completely positive about the statement . here i would like to mention some reason why a group travel be the good way to travel . I work for a travel company as a tour guide , so i guess i confirm advantage of group travel . first of all , tourist feel secure when they be travel with plenty of people and their guide , who be a local resident of the site . group travel people can defend themselves in time difficult time and it be more likely to acttract public attention for request for help . in some place , it be suggest to tourist not to go out alone because of high velocity rate . second reason why i prefer group travel be payment for the travel cost . needless to say , it be noticably cheap than single travel for certain country . even a number of tour company offer special programme for group tourist , not only discount , but also free-of-charge trip for group leader or certain amount of member . the third reason serve our company ' s main goal , more people , more fun . it be much interesting to travel with many different people in order to have a real vacation . group tourist can attend different competition , match and other attractive entertainment . travel be not only the meaning of to travel , but to make friend and to get relationship with them . it offer people more chance to make friend in an easy way . I know of many occasion that tourist get marry after a long , exciting tour . in conclusion , i have a strong point of view of travel as a group . tourist feel more secure , more respect and guide feel more responsibility when they be travel as a group . 	TUR
the society we live in be base on consumption . I agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . in the contrary , nobody would buy these product . I think that nowadays , people really need to be sure of what they buy . they want to make sure that they buy the good product . so , the only way to ensure them be to create the advertisement they want to see , even if it be not true . it be the case , for example , for the solution which make you lose weight in only two week . most of the woman know it be not true but as the advertisement show fake benefit of the solution , woman want to try it , and so , they buy the product . woman finally notice that the product do not work . it be also the case for the child . they often see toy they have ever dream of on television . the advertisement make them believe that with this toy they will be the strong , or they will be the good . as child still ignore the principle of this consumption society , they believe what they see and they want to buy the toy . but once they have get it , they become aware of the truth and see that their toy will never give them what they be tell . so I think that , indeed , most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . it be one of the most impostant rule of the consumption society . produce have to always seem good than what they really be . people only buy what they think to be the good for them . all advertisement have to lie because if they do not , the advertisement for another product would and so , the true advertisement will not have success . it seem that there be a tendancy nowadays , people prefer to be tell lie to feel more confidant than be aware of the truth . that be why I think that only the advertisement whicg make product look good than they really be be more succesfull . 	FRE
generally people which be remebered be those who leave a trace of their life in history . nobody remember or notice a person whose life have be carry out in an anonimous pattern . we notice what stem out from daylife , something exceptional , new . the key for success be risk . Oscar Wilde use to say that an idea which be not risky can not be consider as an idea . To give evidence to this statement we be go to outline some main point and then summarize with conclusion and caveat . first of all , nowadays we consider successful people who occupy certain social position due to their effort in seek their place . this successful social position vary depend on culture . nevertheless , this position be regard as successful when the position itself be exceptional . nobody would consider successful someone who work in a normal or standard position . this mean that success depend on extraordinary situation carry out in particular condition : it be find a new solution , a new idea to obtain something . secondly , people will recognise success only when it be visible . if nothing could lead us to distinguish something from normality , we would not be able to determine the difference between the two . we will not be thus capable of recognise the new into the normal . hence this will not be differentiable . success be also difference , uniqueness . in other word new thing . third , state that success be base on difference and new idea , it be also to be say that news find their root in risk . elaborate something new , it be not possible to understand whether it will be regard as something really new and meet the taste of the other or will just fail to communicate its difference . this uncertainty have to deal with risk . To be notice as different one idea have to be new , thus risky . To conclude , we demostrated that success come from difference from normality ; exceptionality and risk . the last factor be perhaps the essential key for success . as Oscar Wilde say . 	ITA
there be young people and old people who be enjoy their life . people who be young , they can go to school and learn subject and skill that be fun and importance to do . and they can make school friend ( classmate ) they can play or eat lunch together . so young people can go to school . they can do any you want . if they graduate university , they can have a job . but old people be difficult to find job , so they ca n't do job anything they want . for example if old person who want to work at slary , but this job have a limit of age . or if old person take sporty job , like deliver to thing . old people not have enough power than young people . but old people can living peacefuly , and young people have to work hard and they have no enough to spend time to reading novel at home , or watch TV . but old people can do . my grandmother be do house job . she often go to shopping and she like to cook at home . she live peacefuly and enjoy her life . but sometimes she think it ' s bore because , it ' S like she do same thing every day . so , she saids that if she change to young people she can do job in actively . I think it ' s agree to her opinion . One day I ask to grandmother to go Germanycome and enjoy with me . but she say she do n't want to go , because maybe she go to be very tired and she doe n't have power to go German . so , I decide to go many overseas when I be on young age . 	JPN
as the economy and travel ablities grow rapidly , more and more people be addict in travel worldwide or natiionwide . commonly , there be two way of enjoy our tour , one be travel by ourselves with a tour guide , the other one be join a group and to be lead by a tour guide . in my opinion , I wil definitely choose travel alone to taste my tour . at first place , why be the travel so facsinating ? the extoic culture , history , art , architecture , all these be attracing people to step out their own home and get involve in the fantastic amusement of the tour . How can I imaging get to our determinal with alot of people and schedule by the tourguide ? How can I touch the soul of the other form of humanbeing ' s culture with only a few day of even only a few minute ? so , I think make a precise schedule and get through the backgroud before tthe tour and stay there for a couple of week until we slightly get in touch with the spirit of the goal place , after that i will no t feel regret to spend the time of enjoy my visit . admittedly , there be several advantges of visit with a group and a tour guide . like , I wil not worry about house rent with a low payment ; I will not need to check out the backgroud of the place ' S virtue , ritual . history and culture , the tour guide will speak clearly to us . however , I have to pay the tour guide and the company a plenty of money , even if we know its not worth it , just because of our laziness . I can get through the visit place ' S information online , I can communicate with the house owner for rent , also I can bargan with the host , and from my prospensity , these be also the part of enjoyment of the tour . so , in a word , I can have more fun if i arrange the tourment with my self . in addition , I like to travel with my lover together , so for this reason i will not choose go with a group beceause of lack private time and space . from the arguemnt discuss above , I hold the negative attitude towrds that the good way to travel be on a group lead by atour guide , just for the reason sta 	CHI
always be good to understand fact . as student , I really think it it easer for us to understand a topic by use example and learn fact . when student just see the concept in class or the definition about something it ' s dificult to them to rebemeber it just as they see it in class , but if they see an specifically case about the same concept it will be easy to keep it in mind , because they can relate it to the real life . for example , last semester in my human reasources class I have a teacher that always help us to relate the theory with the practice , I remember one class where we see what an interview be and in what consist , and she take a classmate to make him an interview explaning all the step we need it to do to make it right , and show the most common mistake that we could commit . I remind it be so enrich for everybody in class , and after that when I enter to my fist job , I could rememeber everything I have learn and I take it to the reality . when we learn fact it also help us to convey it with our own experience . on the other hand , I have have class where we get full of concept and definition of some subject but we really do n't know how to put it in practice and I do think all this information go away . in conclusion , to learn in a classroom or out of it will be always good to usderstand fact and to relate with reality , and also it will be easy for us to explain and to teach somebody else , because we have already absorb this infomation , and proffesors should do this with the student since they be kid to provide them an important tool to learn well . 	SPA
the world and sociaty change every day , because the develope of techknowleges . people get imformation faster and faster , the world become small and many thing get relationship with other . so , the sociaty need the elits be complemently , people have to know more than one thing of a specific subject , they should have broad konwledge of many academic subject . study wildly can make peolpe learn many differents way to solve differents problem . they make people have wildly sight . the differents course have dierents logic to sovel problem . for example the geometry , that be solve problem usually use the diogragh , line and curve . the Data course use logically way to thought about a question . so , whem people have the problem , they can think about it and sovle it in dierents way . To have broad knowledge of many academic subject can make people feel confidence . the can know many thing in differents area . they can have the topic and idea to talk to other people . just like a student on the party if he/she learn broad he/she can communication with other people who study other major . if the person just study one specofic subject , that be hard to find topic can comunicated with other people , then keep silence in the corner . the people will miss confidence . in conclution , it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subects than to specoalize in one specific subject . it can make people ' knowledge and viewsight wildly , aslo can make people feel more confidence becuase he/she know many thing in the dierents area . that be good for the persent sociaty . 	CHI
I think a basic knowledge be necessary , but in my oppinion our society need more people who be familliar with one specific subject . have broad knowlege do not necessarily help you to solve a specific problem . in my home country for example , there be many people who can handle a computer , but there be only a few who have enough knowledge to deal with certain problem on their own . that ' S one reason why many computerfirms hirer people from country like India . this situation be not so good for our inhabitant , because often they do not get a job . this be only one example for why specialization have advantage for the economy of a country . there be no doubt on that employee need a broad knowledge to be flexible , if they for example lose their job , which be a great problem in our country . but I think , if there be expert for almost every area , a country ' S economy have many advantage , altough it be very risky for the inhabitant to specialize , because they may get no job in their specific academic subject . but as I say , there be many advantage which support the idea of specialize in one specific area . but it shoulb be regard what size and capacity the firm have . a big company have many employee and so each employee can handle a problem on his own . if he need to know anything about an other subject he can ask an other expert for help . so with the help of teamwork they can nearly solve every problem . in small business this look a bit different , because small firm can not afford so many employee . so for small business it be good to have a broad knowledge , so that you can solve many different problem . 	GER
I agree with that young people enjoy life more than old people do . there be two reason for this : more active than olders and have experienceis . first of all , young people be more active than olders . therefore , they have so many energy to do everithing . for example , body condition be quite defferent between young poople and old people . when our family trisd to hike the Mt . Fuji which be the most big mountain in Japan . sister and I could get to the top . Hoeever , my parent could not do that . moreover , obiously young people ' S body function be good than olders . if the have examine of body , the result be easy to expect . thus , young people have to enjoy their life . second of all , young people need have a lot of experiencies . they be young so much . their experiencies be naturally poor . old people already have experience a lot of thing . and , they steped to be an adult which mean that they can decide thing themselves . in conclusion , I support that young people enjoy life more than old people do . if they enjoy their life , they will be a good person . 	JPN
nowadays there be a discussion about the youngster . it be that recently , do young people give enough time to help their comunities ? in my opinion , young people do not give enough time to help to their community , as it be at past . at our time , there be lot of thing that youngster can waste their time with . firstly , most of the young people be waste time with computer . computer be make for people ' S good at first but then it start to become a toy or a game machine and no one try to stop it , because game be a seriously large echonomic resource for the people work in this sector . for example , young people can try use computer and Internet for search for the information about their country ' s place in the world and feature prediction about their country . further more this interest would make the young people more interested in their community . secondly , I think that younng people be not take the lesson at their school so seriously . there be important lesson give to the student at school about their community like history and geography . in my opinion , every person , relate to a community , should know his country ' S history . also geography be an important factor for a person to help his/her community . these be just two factor for a person to help his/her community that the education of them be give at school . moreover school give the education of love your country , after your family . these be all well know by people , but , however , still people be not take seriously and think school as gamefields . young people be like diamond . you should shape them , otherwise you can not expect anything from them . they have to be shape , if they be want to be the saver of the community . so if a youngster do n't give enough time to help his/her community , it be also his/her family ' S fault . 	TUR
do young people enjoy life more than old people do ? perhaps it be diffecult to answer because every one of them have their method to enjoy their own life . but in my opinion , old people enjoy life more than young one because of several reason so I disagree with this statement . first , old people have a long experience in life so they know exactly how they enjoy . in contrast , young people do't have enough experience . for an example , mybe an young person try to enjoy by something which be harmful but he do n't know , and after some time he enjured him self . but an old one may have an experience with that thing so he will not try it again . second , even though that young person have a lot of choises to enjoy but in the sane time they have several thing to worry about . for example , their job , their business , their family , their healthy and other thing that the life now require to worry about . on the other hand , old person do n't have any thing to worry about except thei healthy . for example , young person go to the gym to enjoy and whil he excersices he remember something that make him go out from the gym and lose that enjoy time . but the old one will not care about any other thing than his enjoy and his health . finally , every one have his own enjoyable . 	ARA
I be not agree with this idea alwase . beacause I woud like to travel with my family and my car . when you travel with your family such as your wife , you can have a very god sex relationship with her during the travel . and when your child be with you , it will be a very intresting travel . when you travel with your car , you can rest at any work that you like . you can sleep and bee have your specific relationship with your howse and your child . in the other hand , ther be many travel that the good way to do it , be in a group lead by a tour guide . because when you travel in a group , it be a unique apportunity to familiar with new people and use from the guide of a leader be very usfull and intresting . also , when you travel in a group , maby you fond some new good friend , such as girl friend and etc . Travel be very god , but unfortunatly we cant to do it in our coutry because of Mony problem . we have so mony problem that only we think for ` ` night bread . ' ' if i have som Mony , I will com to your country ( U . S. A. ) , the land of wish . your sicerely Mokhtar motamedin 	TUR
I totally agree with the statement that most advertisment make product seem much good than they really be . I have three reason to explain this . first , the aim of the advertisment be to sale more product . no producer want to decrease the function of the product in the adversitiment . on the contray , the producer will try their good to show the positive aspect of the product and minimize the negative aspect . so , the product in the advertisement will only have the advantage . for example , the advertisement of the medicine will only tell the custom which disease it can curve and neglect the serious point of the medicine . some custom will be extra-damaged by the medicine for the negative aspect of the medicine . second , in order to sale more product , the producer enlarge the function of the product in the advertisement . the product in the advertisement will be much good . for example , the mineralize water be good to the health of human body . some producer take the mineralize water as penecean which can be use as medicine to some illness . third , the advertisement be a good too . the advertiser can sale it only when it can satisfy the producer of the product . that mean the advertiser need to make sure the product in the advertisement should be excellent , even good than it actually it . from the above , we can draw a conclusion that the product in most advertisement be not the same as themselves . their funcitions be be enlarge in the advertisement . so , the goverment should care about this problem to let the custom know the truth of the product . 	CHI
in my opinion , old people enjoy life more than young people . ` ` Enjoy oursleves and have all the fun we could have . ' ' be what most young people think of . they spend time to do sport , to date with people , tend to club and pub to find their fun ; drink and smoke to make themselves feel more high , more excited . it ' S not a healthy life , and not a responesble life also . when people be young , mostly they spend money give by their parent , instead of spending money earn by themselves . and , secondly , young people always tend to be selfish and takeing less care about other . they do n't actually know how important other people roll in their life . in that case , they will do less contribution to the either farmily or community . so , in my view , young people do not know ` ` how ' ' to enjoy life . in contrast , old people , on the other hand , think otherwise . ' ' Enjoy ourselves with other people , have fun while we can . ' ' be what they think . they be more matural and know what they be suppose to do . old people usually go travel when they have free time and extra financial ability . they go to club too for different purpose , have a drink with friend or old classmate . most of them know how to lead a life which be healthy and full of happiness . also , old people know how to make themsleves helpful and valuble to other . they know hwo to share happiness with other people . especially when they have their child . they enjoy a real ` ` life ' ' . in all , old people know how to enjoy the life and they be enjoy more than young 	CHI
responsiblity play a big role in our life spicifically for old people . when an young child be have fun and he doe n't care about money , home and issue that happen for any person . young poeple think that they still have a good health but when they get old their health will start to go down . I agree with young people who want to have fun more than old people for couple reason . first of all , responsiblity as I mention in the beginning , make any person think about how to make his life more confident and never think about how to enjoy life except after finishing everything he want to do . for example in any family , the father always think about how to get money for his child , the mother look after the child and try to help her husband financially . if we look at the child , we can notice that they want to play everyday and have fun without think about anything . that be a good example of show the difference of how young and old people act . second reason , old people always start to take care of their health which absoultly go down as they get old . in the other hand , young people think about no resposibilty and no problem with their health , so why do n't they enjoy their life before anything happen in the future . for example , if someone who be @card@ year old and he be retire from his job , he could have health problem refuse him to enjoy his life . another man who be @card@ year old , who just finish his high school and he want to play sport and go out with his friend without any health problem thats if we ignore the exceptinals like the handicap . finally , i agree with young people to have fun with their life before they get old because they will have more responsibilties more than before . also , no body know about his health and how good its go to be . I hope everyone enjoy his life whether he be olde or young . 	ARA
I disagree that nowadays young people do not give enough time to help their community . because , even if they be very busy do other thing , they still find time to help other people . for instance , there be many thing that young people colud do to help their neighborhood people , such as take care af ill people , or old people , or even help kid after school . for instance , when I be attend high-school , my friend and I work for the ` ` red cross ' ' , which consist of take care of ill people . it be such a special experience for me , because I could stay in contact with people who really need me , and it be a pleasure to be able to help them . I do not do a great job , i just give them attention , I spend time talk with them , and even if it can seem a little , for them it be a lot . furthermore , I usually like spending time with my next-door neighbor , she be a very old woman , she be often alone . so sometimes , my boyfriend and I spend some time with her . for instance , it can happen that she need something , and we usually go to the shop for her . so someway , I try to help her , even if I do not have a lot of time , but she always appreciate it . besides , an other way to help people can be look after kid . when I be in high-school , I also usually look after some kid during the afternoon , at my chearch . the parent of these kid be always work during the afternoon , so they use to stay with me and other gyus . we usually help them with their homework , or we play some game . in the end , I can say that from my experience , young people give a lot of time help other , even if live be always more frantic . they take care o 	ITA
in the world there be people with different behaviour , tradition and way of think . moreover there be people more or less rich and the statement young people enjoy life more than old people be not always true above all for the african , Asian and south American people where young people be like old people because they be in a difficult situation and they must work . I live in Italy and I see that in Europe the situation be different because youg people have parets with a secure work so boy like me can live a beutiful life while old people like my parent can work for me . I think that old people live in different way respect youg people so they enjoy life in other thing . 	ITA
it all dependswath enjoy life mean for people , live or live in excess , as much the well . I belive that young people enjoy life if that be go to park or beach and practice extreme and dificult sport . young people can stay late at night , drinking or dancing but the also can wake up early in the morning and go to work . they do n't have limit in how much risk and danger they take . much young people receive economic support from their parent and that give them more time to enjoy . parent always try to give their kid the life style they never enjoy . the society and the process of evolution in technology give also an advance to joung people for experience new way of enjoy life . young people do n't focus to much in the future , they just want life and enjoy the present . in the other hand be the old people who be feel the weight of life in their body . even if they take care well of their body , old people ca n't practice sport or social life from long period of time . Somentimes thats not really important because everything in excess be bad . old people see life from other pont of view . they do the same than joung people but not in the same intensity . they discover the beauty of life and develop the quality of look for the detail . the detail give you the hability to recognize when someone or somenthing be special . see the quality versus quantity when you give or receive be an art that need to be cultivate . the precious reality in this situation be that everyone be go to experience at some point of their life both side of the human nature . I be a @card@ year old male with a Latin tradition . I love my Lord Jesus and believe that at this point of my life , I stay with the old people . I prefer quality versus quantity . 	SPA
Everybody can notice that nowadays the mass media be the most powerful thing that can leave a massive influence on us special on taneegers & child . actually i agree that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be & that be because of tow reason . the first reason be they do all the advertising about something in a wonderfull way that show you it be the good thing for you & you cant live without it . then , you discover all these advertising for nothing really worth it . for example : once i watch on T.V an advertising about a straightner for the hair to make it straigh so they make that in a way that all the people will think its really cool & you will have healthy hair , next i buy it & guess what ? ? it be really bad , it destroy & burn my hair . another example : my boyfriend be walk in the street & he see poster about a rain-party , you can see from the poster that everything will be include the ticket but when he reach there everything in the poster be a lie . the second reason , there be no sencor for the advertisement special on the Internet , which that make alot of company & shop do whatever they want & laugh at people . once i meet a friend she be really angry so i ask her whats go on ? ? she tell me that she pooked adress throught the Internet & she pay for it but when she go there to take it they tell her that she have to pay more because she didnt come at the same day . in short , we must take-care of these kind of advertisement , also you have to be sure with who you be deal . in my opinion the goverment should put sencor on the all advertisement in the mass medium . at the end dont forget to watch out & to think in a critical way when you communicate with these stuff . 	ARA
business meaning of advertisement be to show what you be not . so I completely agree with the fact that advertisement tell speak ` bad ' product ` good ' . mostly advertisement talk about the bad product . today advertisement be everywhere . turn on your idiot box , it will show you advertisement mainly with certain gap which be call program . you turn on your PC , cross a busy road , or do whatever ; you can not get rid of an ad . now come the business aspect . why there be need of so many advertisement ? Two word have the answer . ` Purchase ' and ` profit ' . all advertisement be the brainchild of some unsuccessful product which the creator want to make it successful . so why one person need to advertise his product ? To make it famous ? yes maybe but the most dominant reason be to sell and to make profit . why you need an ad if your product be so good ? I witness the same situation when I be young . I love one chocolate of a particular brand . I never see its ' advertisement in TV or in any journal . now suddenly oneday I see its ad which tell me that it have change . joyfully I go to a shop , I buy one , only to discover that price have increase and the cover pack become more glossy . Thats the magic of an ad , when the product be right you dont need to advertise it . advertisement be very lucrative because of its ` free ' offer . I have see thousand gather in front of mall to get a free offer with a particular product . so what be the motive of the free offer ? nothing come for free . Free be the word that be see by all , we need to see some invisible information such as decrese in quality in place of free . once my mom buy vegetable oil after see a wonderful new ad of the reduce price product . Later she discover that the expiary date be already over . in some case what an ad tell be completely lie . our favourite actor and actress dont bath with that particular soap which they advertise . these be just to promote sell . I mostly get bad product whenever I be prompt by an advertisement , so my suggestion be ' do n't be fool by any advertisement ' . 	HIN
in that essay I be go to tell if I agree to the question or not . I kind of idea state that it be important for the student to understand the idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact , other idea state that learn fact be more beneficial . I support the idea of this question . it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . because , in order to find something new a student should learn the basic concept and idea . learn fact be a part of the working . it be more important for a student to understand the idea and concept . in the academic world , in university we be tell that learn concept and idea be more important because by learn that you can learn the fact and you can make the fact more efficient for humanity . suppose an electrical engineering student want to make an innovation about the transistor concept . transistor be a kind of device that be use in all electronic device . when that student want to learn the fact , without know the idea and concept he can not be an engineer . an engineer should be innovative , should think about something new . in order to invent something the concept and the idea should be understand . in order to learn the fact , a student should know the idea and concept , without know the concept and idea the student can not invent anything . he could be a electric technician . think about communication area . @card@ year ago mobile phone be not worldwide use . however , in that day everybody use celular phone . Technology become more efficient by time . if the engineer and student just learn the fact , without know the idea and concept it will be impossible for them to increase the technology level . by understand the concept they be share the information and technology can be use in a good way . in conclusion I want to restate that it be more important for student to understand the idea and concept rather than learn the fact . if a student want to introduce something new he should know the idea and concept . if he just learn the fact in my opinion he can not introduce something new . Thats the way that the academic learning be teach on university . they tell by use idea and concept to way of learn . by these , we can learn fact but if just fact be teach there will be no way to increase the humanity level or technology there should be different opinion . 	TUR
young people be energetic and drive , so they have a responsibility to use their talent meaningfully . it be expect that they be enthusiastic about give back to the community that raise them . but what action constitute ` ` help ' ' our community ? voluntary work at non-profit organization seem to be the easy answer . small act of kindness - like help a senior citizen cross the road - be often cite as way for young people to serve the community . I believe that any work - paid or unpaid - do for the right intention should count as help our community . have say that , I think that the amount of time young people nowadays devote to their community be regrettably lack . I personally know a few young people who have never do an hour of voluntary work in their life . not only be they uninterested in the welfare of their fellow citizen , neither do they see any point in serve their own family member or friend . since they fail to see beyond themselves , there be no hope that they will give any time to help the community at large . most educate young people have a vague sense of responsibility involve their community , but there be so many distraction that prevent them from devote time to it . peer pressure , new technology , the mass medium and pop culture simply teach them all to concentrate on themselves and try to live a happy , materialistic life . it be a pity , since so many young people be lead away from exercise their civic responsibility . no matter how much they be tell by parent to help their community , it be impractical if there be so many distraction in their life . many young people do a small part in help the community by do community service . however , performance be n't satisfactory either . even if they be do voluntary work for no monetary pay , many young people be inevitably wait for payment in some other form - point for an academic scheme , an impressive mention in their resume , or an award for ` ` outstanding service ' ' . if they be intent on these superficial reward , what follow be that the extent of their help will not be proportionate . moreover , what little heart they have for service will diminish quickly , and of course this be definitely not ` ` enough ' ' . in some situation , it be certainly understandable that young people choose other activity over service . student should put their study on high priority , and young people in general seek excitement and new experience , so they be entitle to some level of self-centeredness . in fact , pursue wild , creative way of do thing will probably be a help to community , if these young people choose to lend their talent and innovation accordingly . this require a much deep understanding than exist in the young people of today , but it also go to show that the measure of contribution be hardly as simple as time - it involve an awareness and some heart in all of us . 	CHI
who enjoy life more , young people or old people ? in my opinion , I tend to say that old people enjoy life more . first of all , old people have much more leisure time than young people . as old people have already work for a long time , they need not work so hard as young people . they need not struggle so hard for survival as young people do . as a result , old people have more leisure than yound people . with more leisure time , old people can travel , can have holiday with their family , and can do other activies . imagine what young people be do when old people be enjoy their life . student at universites may be busy with write their assigments , cram for exam . those who have job may be do extra work in the office . How miserable they be ! secondly , old people have more money compare with young people , make them lead more comfortable life . as old people have work long time than young people , they earn more money and have more saving , which can make them afford long distance travel to Paris , to Rome , or even to space , depend their financial ability . however , young people can only enjoy the short trip and some hikings . though no one can deny the interest that short trip and hikings can bring , they can not be comparable to those bring by the the romantic travel abroad . thirdly , old people can manage their life well than those young people due to their long living and social experience . old people know what be most important to them . they know that enjoyment of life , instead of make money or working be more important to them . they know the value of be together with their family member , so they try their good to accompany their wife or husband . on the contrary , accord to my knowledge , most young people do not realize what be important to them . they make every possible effort to make money and grasp every chance to get promote in their work place , neglect the happiness of be accompany and accompany their family member . in conclusion , I think that old people enjoy life more because they have more time , more money , and they can manage their life more efi . 	CHI
young people nowadays often live in a society where education and work become a more and more difficult task due to high competition . today ' s young people also live in a modern world with much more accessible distraction than before . on the one hand , I think the society we live in have become highly competitive in all aspect . since good education be become more and more accessible , university , company now require an even high level of education . in my opinion , that be why some people now work harder than before . on the other hand , the invention of computer , video game , and all the other different accesories make the young people of today much busy . these reason be why I agree with this statement in most case . I think that young people nowadays simply do n't have the time to help their community . I also think that these young people be not to blame , modern society be . if I talk about my personal experience , I can say that I do not give enough time to help my community . One of the reason why I do n't be because nobody encourage me to do it . people around me be become less and less aware of the problem in their community and be become more selfish . I think it be also important to say that it be not @card@ % true that all young people do not give enough time to help their community . I think it apply more to rich and weathy country . in the third world country , I think people be more aware of poverty and as a result be less distract by all the new technology . 	FRE
in my opinion young people enjoy life more than old people do . there be several reason to explain my opinion . young people can enjoy life because they dont have responsibility . they have more freedoom . they must go to school , do their homework and clean their room . but they have a lot of free time . they can spend it in different way and have a lot of fun . they can meet many other friend to have fun together . old people have important responsibility and they must work for their family or themself . they spend most of time at work . they can realize a dream or a hobby only during the week end or in the evening . old people be more mature than young people because they have many experencies during their life . in conclusion i think that young people can enjoy life more than old people do . To be a young people be beautiful . if you be a child , you could do what you prefer without problem . a child think nothing about serious event or fact . old people be under stress or serious . young people be always happy . young people can enjoy life more then old people because they cant look at bad thing or fact but only at good , pleaseant and beutiful thing and event . 	ITA
I both agree and disagree this statement . on one hand , a broad knowledge of academic subject be often , dare I say always , good to have . it be important for man to have a knowledge of many field as possible . you as human being always want to learn more and , in University for instance , one subject be not enough all . I be currently a student . I study at la Sorbonne Nouvelle University which be the top university for foreign language . I be major in both English and German but there be many other language you can learn such as Spanish , Italian but also Arabic , Chinese or Hindi . after graduate from this university and this major , student often apply for job in commercial trade or International Business . in this context , the knowledge of many academic subject be much more than useful . in the case of two graduate student apply for the same job in International Business , somehow I know that the one who have the knowledge of different foreign language will get the post . my university be also famous for cinema , dramatic art , and communication and it be absolutely possible to major for example both in foreign language and in Cinema or follow theater class . but on the other hand , I think that there be a time when student have to focus on what they really want to do and what the really want to be and then , accord to it , try to get more chance as possible in order to sucess . for example , the knowledge of many academic subject could lead student into confusion . they try to learn as many subject often because they be interested in all sort of field and if you ask these student what they prefer for most or what they would rather study if they would only have to choose one academic subject , they do not know . this fact can explain why a lot of student fail their first year of college . most of university failure in France be cause of a mistake in the choice of major which be cause of a bad information after the twelvth grade . I would say as a conclusion that it be always interesting to have a knowledge in as many field as possible but student have to focus on the main point which be success . 	FRE
I agree . because if I have many academic subject , I can become some professoinal . because I want to be a business man , I need to know many subject . but I do n't know about business yet . so I think I should learn about academic subject . if I learn specialize in one apecific subject , it be a little place where I will work . because , I have only one soecific subject . so maybe I can not communicate with some partner of other country . in conclusion , I agree about this question . 	JPN
I do agree that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be and with good purpose . the main focus of advertisement be to make it seem that the product be the good thing in the world , that it be completely necessary and the most important of all , to sell the product to make profit which equal money . a good example of these reason be : diet pill campaings and ad on television . they make ordinarily difficult goal to obtain , obtainable making it seem easy , fast and without break a sweat . first of all , they target the one thing human be concern about : their psychical beauty specifically lossing , gain weight or be healthy . today man and woman understand the importance of have a healthy body and be in shape for different reason these being : health relate issue such as heart disease , diabetes , morbid obesity , etc . . . and other more psychical reason be : the stereotype of be pretty and skinny in a judgemental society that trives on superficial beauty . healthy body and weight loss come from : healthy eating habit , exercise and well organize planning . diet pill advertisement make it seem as if you could skip all of these step and still achieve your goal of a healthy shape and body , which in irony be not healthy or recommend by doctor because the risk be endless . still people buy these product because they want to be the lovely young lady with the tight body or man want to be that guy with the washboard abs to feel good psychically and mentally . To understand how this operate we must look for the obvious reason of why the product would seem much well . first of all , the image of express the easily unobtainable as obtainable be key in sell the product and therefore make more money and secondly when watch a television ad look for the little black paragraph in which the truth about the product be state and they do n't want you to know quickly . this be n't a new practice every product will seem the good to make a profit out of it , but it be up to us to be educate and be inform about the product we hear or read about to make a wise decision when purchase it . 	SPA
I agree with the statement that say young people enjoy life more than old people do . it be because young people tend do to be optimistic towards life whereas old people tend to be realistic . I be @card@ year old now and I consider myself young , and I think I can do anything I want in my life . it sound more enjoyable and excite when people thing that they can do everth . however , the old you become , the tough the life become , so old people tend to forget how to dream and enjoy life itself . it be probably because of these thing : money , family and health . first , when you get old , you think about money a lot . money that come from job ca n't easily break your saving . to be an adult be to be independent somehow , so you should make a living by yourselves . but when you be young , you can live with your parent and still have a part-time job and spend it on your own . I be the rich when I be in high school , live in a house and do whatever . when you have money , you can enjoy your life more because you can do a lot of thing . especially the money can spend on your own . next thing I want to point out be the family . like I say in the second paragraph , when you be young and do n't have your kid yet , you can almost do anything . however , thing will be different if you have kid . your free time will be limit and you always have to think about your family and also the bill ! ! job may not be the prpfable one but you still have to work for your family . occupation be the number one factor for an adult to be stress , and stress can make people enojoy their life . it will be just pain in the neck . last but not least , as you get old , your body will not listen to you as it use to . I do n't have any disability or bad gut or anything right now , but if I look at my mother , she be always complain about her health . she say she have bad leg and waist , and she doe n't like to go out often . just sit at home wo n't be the good thing to do but what if there be no choice ? so I think I do what I can do when I ' m still young and take advantage of be young . in the mean time , there will be time that I can enjoy my life as old people , however , being young be just one facotor of life that onlder can not beat . 	JPN
I do not believe that young people enjoy life more than old people . What make a young person happy may not make an old preson happy . To ` ` enjoy life ' ' be a very subjective concept that vary accord to the age , cultural background , religious belief , social environment and many other factor . form my own experience , I learn to enjoy life every day . when I be a child I be completely unable to socialize , to relate to other child and have fun with my friend . family problem that I be go through make me a very shy girl . in many occassions I could not find the way out from unconfortable situation . the inablity to ask for help make my childhood pretty sad . young people today have , sometimes , problem to express what make them happy because of ` ` peer pressure ' ' . most of the teenager who be ` ` follower ' ' ( mean not leader ) may find themselves in awfull situation , do and perform act they do n't want to do . as we grow up , we dare to be deffierent . we learn to say ` ` no ' ' and do not feel bad about it . our personality get strong and we feel more comfortables with who we be . as we grow up we learn to overcome obstacle and as we get old we get wise and learn from our own experience and other ' S experience . the more we know about ourselves , the easy we find our way to happines . it take time to discover and understand what make us happy . that wisdom to understand and comprehend what joy mean to us come with age , with a life full experience , mistake and success . I strongly believe the opposite of that statement . a shy girl who do not know how to ask for help , or a teenager who feel oppress by his or her peer and a life with no experience will certainly have a hard time to find happiness , to enjoy life . as I get old , I get wise . when I make a mistake I learn from it . I hear a long time ago that grow old be mandatory , grow up be optional . I agree with that . 	SPA
I strongly agree because I believe that if you manage to understand the main idea of an event , it will last in your mind and you will be able to remember it for a long time , and that if you just learn the fact of the event they wo n't last in your mind that much . an example that I believe can be give be when high school student learn about hystorical event , if they just memorize date , name and place they will be able to remember them just in order to aply them in a test , unless it ' S a super important subject of history . but if they analize the situation , analize the event that ocurred and comprehend why do that event ocurred in the first place , they will like the subject more , they will feel a little bit smartter and the date , the name and the place will be leave in a second place , so this will even help them when they will have to memorize date and such , because they will be able to associate the purpose and reason of the event with the number and the name . I believe that be not necessary for learn to be boring , if you just memorize everything and study just because you want to get a good grade , you be not do the real purpose of learn , you ' re just deal with a lot of problem and get yourself tired and bored . study can be fun , if you understand everything you will feel smart , if you just learn the fact without actually understand what they mean you will feel bad and less intelligent , so I think that teacher should encourage student to exceed themselves and to develop their intelligence and not to memorize a thousand book without understand anything or withouth even learn thing that will truly be helpful in your life . people that be truly smart can solve a problem without the necessity of consult someone else who ' S supossed to be more intelligent , and if you need to read something a thousand time to actually get ahold of the idea you ' re just a mere puppet and be pointless to live as a puppet because at the end of your life you will feel bad for have restrict your true intelligence . 	SPA
we live in an age where information be exchange between continent on the click of a mouse , where geography have cease to define distance . What i try to mean be that with globalisation come competition . accord to me , to stay ahead in this highly competitive race one have to excel or master in whatever academic field one may be . this mastery of an academic subject can only be attain by specialize in that particular subject rather than have only a broad knowledge about various related subject . the old cliche ` ` Jack of all trade but master of none ' ' do not appeal much to me . I would like to elucidate my theory of specialize in a particular subject be well than have knowledge of various academic subject by cite a practical example . obviously a company would prefer a man with a master degree in Chemical engineering to another man apply for the same job but with a diploma in chemical engineering and a diploma in biological engineering . even if the company would employ the latter for his skill in both chemistry as well as biology he would definitly be give a post subordinate to that of the former & a pay package which would be lesser than the former . however if the man with the diploma would hold a degree in say a managment course and if the company would also require the managerial skill at the same time then it would be a different question all together . To sum it up i would say that a specialized course in today world be give a high priority in the competitive market . 	HIN
I do n't think that young people enjoy life more than old people do . I would say that they might convey that kind of illusion because they can take more benefit from the life than old people do but it do n't mean that they enjoy life more . first of all , I would say that young people want to discover the world before all . indeed , the old people be aware of the world which be surround them . they have already experience most of the feeling a person can undergo or simply feel . the young people want absolutely to try new thing , to experience other feeling . on the other hand , they be actually young , that ' s true . so they can take profit of everything , do some very physical sport that an old person could n't do , they also be fast . Everything have to be quick , it ' S because we want to discover other thing . I take part to that phenomenon , I ' m young but nevertheless I do n't think that I enjoy life more than my parent . they take profit of the life in a different way . as an example , they travel , that I ca n't do on my own because I ' m financially dependant to my parent . so I do other thing , I do outing with my friend , I do as every adolescent do . however , this speed with which we execute our activity may lead to a missunderstanding of the situation . except the old people who ca n't do almost anything because they be too old , and the depressive person who be n't feel in do activity , all the people enjoy life the same way . the reason be that we ' ve get only one life and it would be without interest to spend that life in do anything . as a conclusion , I would say that I disagree with the statement of the issue and I think t everybody enjoy the life 	FRE
I agree with the idea the ` ` young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . ' ' for example , my mother often talk me about when she be young . she talk about the relationship between the community she live and her . accord to her story , the community provide a lot of festival for loxcal childrens and elder people . for example , cherry blllosome festival in spring , fire work in summer . they hold a moon festival in fall and the New Years Day in finter thr shrine in the community make rice cake with the local people . every case of those the event in the community , the young local people go to help to prepare and the clean up after ward . those experience help the young people to knoe the local people and to build up good relationship between another people . so , many young people want to help the holding event again and help it , the circulation hold the opprtunities and the good reletionship of the community will be make up . this be a story when my mother be young . then , how about today ? think about when Iwas little kid , I do not have such opportunity to join the local event so many time . because the plase I live be kind of old and there be not so many young people to help those event . also , actually I do not have so many familier people in my community , the relationship of our community be not so good if we compare to the one of many year ago . also , when I be junior high scool student , I joind such many kind of volunteer work , but I do not have so many opportunite to help my own community . as long as I emember , every time I do volunteer work , I go another community which offer to help them . I mean , nowadays , there be less opprtunities for young people to searve for community . also the other reason I think recent young people do not help the comunity be that there no goiod relationship among the community . 	JPN
something that we have to have in main be the differents between be a young people or old people . What can you do when your be young rather that old ? this question will give you which one be good . night live , responsabilities and money be the differents between then . we have to begin night live . some young people between @card@ and @card@ do not even what a night live be , so if you be an adult , you can enjoy a night culb without any restrition . other inportant point be that you do not have to tell anyone where be you or what be you do because you a old and you do not depend of your father . also , other important point in the live of a young or old people be the responsability . if you be young you allways will have school and that be a big responsability , but if you be a old , you just will do whatever you want and you just have to worry about yourself . the last and most importan point be the money . when you be young you have you father and they be the only one who be worry about the economy . however , you will not have everything you want only because be not you money be their money , so if you want to bay something the do not want you just can not bay it . in conclution , the life for the old people be , be and will be allways good and if your be young you can enjoy but not as much as you want . but you can also wait until you grow up and become a old man . 	SPA
as we now that in this world every one want freedom , no one want to be a slave . because they think that they have bear individual . accord to this statement i be not agree with the follow statement . because its not a need to go in a group or lead by tour guide . the main purpose of tour guide be to lead the team , and show the direction . in the group or with tour guide there be lot of boundation , like we have to move with group only . we cant move as we like to move any where . we have to follow all the instruction which be give by group leader . even we like that place or not we have to be stay with them . lot of problem we can face at the time of trevel . if we be go in a group we cant leave that place without permission . so now a day in our society no body wht restriction , they want to move free and enjoy any where . like i be take a example of college student , if they be go picnic for five day for the permission of college principal . there college principal suggest them better you people go with tour guide , so that in future you need not to be face any problem . but student be not agree because they want to go without guide or any faculity member . they want only freedom , because then only they can enjoy any where and use there time in a good way . some time we need a tour guide but not every time , and also we keep in mind that up to a certain limit freedom must be there , if it will ecess it will not good for individual . in my opinion the good . finally i would like to conclude the good way to travel without any tour guide , but we have to manage all the thing , in a right manner and in a systematic way . 	HIN
I quite agree with statement , that young people enjoy life more than old people do . be young means lot of energy . young people have more energy than as compare to any old person . more energy help them to take part in more activies . though this could be only true if these energy be spend towards positive activies . when a person be young , he be always in learing stage . so many time they may come across new place and new thing , they will enjoy know about it , because it would be their first interaction with it . e.g. simple driving , young people may find it more joyfull than old one . because driving would be relatively a new activity for them as compare with old one , who could be frusted will daliy traffic and other issue relate to it . if you ask this same question to a school child during their exam , it can be expect what theirs answer could be . but during their vaction time , it may be opposite . this let us know , how immature a humanbeing be when he be in his young age . immature humanbeing , mean do n't understand reponsibilites towards their life than a old person could understand . in short a young person could have less responsibilites in his life compare wiht a old person , which put a old person to in more stress life . say all these , life be great . its good we understand our different stage of life and enjoy its each stage as it come . each stage of a life have its own beauty , to lead a happy life , one should understand this and should enjoy his or her life to most no matter in what age he or she be 	HIN
scholar ' s main goal be to make sure their alumnus have learn their teaching . understanding idea assure them that the student have a clear image of what be teach by portraing it into concept . once they have knowledge about these statement and idea they can develop their own , expand the already make or come up with counter idea . all of the previously mention force student to keep on with their mental growth . fact be obvioulsly helpful , however that ' S as much you ' ll get from them . fact will avoid learn because most you do with them be memorize and file them in a redundant folder of your brain . they ' ll show up when their convinient ; idea will stick around . I attend a Model UN annual debate meeting in @card@ . me and my classmate choose to represent our school in the meeting be newcomer and need explanation in order to fulfill expectation . we be n't clear about the process . our highly demmandig teacher make us participate in an re-enactment of last year ' S meeting and even though it take us a while to get the idea once we get the hang of it we clear our doubs and understand the concept . Model UN be not just another extra-curricular activity it be an opportunity for sucess . we be train our mind to think for other , to speak for the one that ca n't for themselves and to come up with resolution to world wide problem . that be the thruthful concept of the Model UN and we know that even before get there . once we get to La Ceiba , Model UN scenary , we have an ultimate learning experience . our instructor could of list a serie of fact and sure it ' d help but we ' d have to wait until next meeting to outstand and get the idea . it be always a clever move to be able to have an image of what be the teaching suppose go and not walk blindly through a learn path . therefore , understanding idea and concept be much important than learn fact . 	SPA
the pesipicuous phrase , ` ` on the move ' ' have probably be term after much thought . Research show that since the dawn of civilisation , man have be a tourist in a crude sense . this be evident in the study of nomad , shift agriculture and the like . however , my purpose to highlight this fact be not to discuss history but to merely initiate the debate whether there ' ll be few car in the come twenty year or not . in my opinion , the number of car produce in the future will be on the rise rather than pass a declination . I would like to support my stand with the follow reason . the automative industry have witness a manifold increase since man have invent the wheel . so , to believe that this rise will ever decline , be highly unlikely and improbable . firstly , economic review show that living condition will improve in the future which mean people have great leisure time . that go out to suggest that people will have more time to spend with their family and go out on vacation and use car people can drive to farther destination . even if the thought be inclinated to the rich , there be another reason to believe why car production will increase . there have always be a focus on science and technology improve the nature of thing and car be not an exception . Infact , lot of investment be go into make solar car and good fuel efficient car . certainly , the expenditure be do on the research be not to never make use of it in the future . this suggest that people want to have more car in the future . lastly , necessity be be combine with luxury in the economic arena as of today . when people have a proportionate rise in income , they use less of public utility service . take the middle income group as an example , I would like to illustrate that an increase in income always shift people ' S preference to personalise commodity . one would definitely want to own something when one have the money to do so and with the economic development throughout the world , people would like to switch to own their own car than use the public transport system . therefore , I believe that indeed there will be more car in the year to come . 	HIN
I be not agree with this statmen . sucessful pople can not take risk . they prefear to do what they be do well . like who become famust about their area for example starbucks coffe chine . they be very profesional about this and they have to do this job . first of oll pople have to do what dhey be do well because they oll rady become profesional about their topic end they can be successfull on their area for sure . for instance a faumest ( medical doctor ) surgen he be do good on his area but suddanly he deccided to stop do this job and startted take a risk to do some thing alse . first of ol big waste knowledge , second he can loss hie fame , Secontly when you make your profesion on your area , you have chans to become more profesionel and creatif . if you become mor profesional about your topik no need to take risk . take risk may cous lost everythink what you have . I prefear to do my job or what I be do well . I be a nurse and I believe I be do this job wery well . so why I have to take risk and do some think not my profeion . if I stop to do my job I cen forget my knowledge every body have to make what they be do well , then they can be useful for their area and they have cahans to earn but if they take risk there be posability to lose what they have . I think successful pople 	TUR
I agree with this statement . I think successful people take risk and try new thing rather than just do the same thing . try new thing make people to realize about their new side . when I be in South Korea , I be a successful student . I study really hard to get good grade in middle school . I be always make a from Korean class . I love to study Korean literature and I be successful write creative storey and poem . One day , my dad suggest me to study in America . he think I could experience new culture and learn new language . I be really concern when I hear about my father ' S suggestion . I think I be only capable to learn Korean . move to America seem really difficult for me . for a long time , I think about advantage that I can get from America . I have an opportunity to learn a new language and I could experience western culture . after 3 month , I decide to leave South Korea . I take a risk to go to America and I be ready to challange myself . when I first arrive at Dallas , I be amaze by the size of my high school . there be so many great student and teacher . it be difficult for me to follow the class but I do n't give up . I always study after school and I try to speak with student from different countires . this make me to develop my English skill . I study really hard and now I be very satisfy with myself . I be make good grade at school and I make a lot of friend . also I be learn Spanish in my school . the thing that seem impossible be happen now . the risk and change develop me as a more skilled and good person . I think I make a good decision . come to America give me opportunity for my future . I be not go to stop from here . I be plane to learn about journalism and photography . these be the thing that I have never study before . I think take risk and try new thing make me to develop . I learn a lot from new experience and I be please with it . I will keep learn and I be confident that this will make me as a successful person in future . 	KOR
in many situation , as human being , people be often cage or trap in a knowledge-cage and only some exception will occour once in a while . not say that know alot be a bad idea but , specialize in a perticular area be the step of leave your name in a history book . the depth of which a perticular area of knowledge be explore be far more beneifitual than have a broad knowledge of every academic subject . therefore , i strongly disagree with the statement , since that only guide you more into a -- - normal person . from not only historical evidence but also personal experience , specialize in a certain area of knowledge would surely make you speical from all the rest , not only so , it be the good way of lead to sucess in future life . To begin with , a famous biologist English plant scientist have make the most remarkable achievement to the area of biology . but , when you ask what he differ from the rest of the biologist scientist ? be becuase of his consistancy and specialized work in the observation of pea plant ; he study the same plant for over @card@ year and thus , finally he get a Nobel prise for he achieverments . not only , he will be remember but his work of investment and achievement to the ground of genetic code will also do great benefit to the rest of the society . further more , a famous French wirter call ` ` Silva Plyth ' ' be famous for the poem that she write , the sadness and emotion through her poem ; by read her poem , emotion and a sense of sadness would soon arise . she be not any different from any other poet but , only one aspect which be different would make her so famous , be the fact that her use of metaphor and the description of surroundings be know to be so percise and carry a sense of shady cloud through read her work . this , make her work still popular and be now what many modern poet be look to achieve and try to copy her style . lastly , not only people that be in the academic area be famous but also , one of the most famous person which most people would know be , ` ` the Great Michael Jordan ' ' he be know for his basketball skill . howeevr , many do not know that even though he may seem to be the good basketball player in that time , it be once say by his college professor and his college coach that , ` ` it seem like basketball and Michael have a strong bond , he seem to only know how to play good basketball ' ' and sure , the world have prove him right , he have win himself billion and billion of dollors and fame , just simply by do play good basketball . in conclusion , from these example , we can clearly see that be spcializing in a specic area would not only make one famous but also , it would sure leave one name in the history book . by this , i strongly disagree with the p 	CHI
there be heated disscussion about that young people enjoy life more than old people do . some people support it , by claim that , young people have more friend than old people do . they be full of energy , and so on . however , some people against this , say that old people have more child to share happiness and sadness , and also old people have a lot of actities to take part in . as far as I be concern , both young people and the old people energy life . as we know , young people in school have a lot of time . they can play with them . talk with them , and study with them . School offer a wonderful stage for young to enjoy their life . in addition , when young people have some problem , a lot of people could give them a hand , such as , their parrents , teacher , partner , boss , and so on . by their help , the can solve the problem more productive . the young people can sure benefit from that , they also can energy well . Finily , young people have more energy to engoy their life . they can do whatever they want to do , they can experience a lot of new thing that old people have never see . such as computer vidio game . MSN , ICQ and so on . on the other hand , old people also enjoy their life . with the development of science and thenology , the condition of people live enviroment become good and good . the old people can liveing longer and longer than before . the old people become more and more energy and healthy than before . What ' s more , the old people can enjor the wonderfull time with their childen , their grandchild who can bring a lot of interesting and funny thing to their parent or grantpatents . also , the community of people ' S living becomeing good and good , old people can take part in lot of activity . old people can singing with other old people , they can dance , and whatever they want to do . sweeping generationlize to this be impossiveble here . I n a world . I think both young and old be enjroy their life well and well . 	CHI
One thing history teach manking be that extreme be never the good solution . they might serve one purpose for a short term , but on the longer run they usually reveal their shortcoming . the very same rule can be apply in this case . at a first glance , the advantage of a specified knowledge seem to be overwhelming . nearly every modern companie or even scientist in university serve as good example . To be successful in your part of busines , you have to know everything about it , and additional knowledge only serve as distraction . since the time of big breaktrough-inventions be all go , everybody specialize on a very narrow field . on a small subject , we now have an absolute expert , know nearly everything about it . To a certain extend this be absolutely necessary . who else can deal with nano-composites , for example , exept someone who have study this subject for many year ? but as soon as an wide overview be need , this type of scientist very often fail How can he know about new method in medicine , that might well be adopt within the field of nano composite , if all they ever study be nano-composites ? it be therefore possible , that lack interdisciplinary skill often result in disadvantage . furthermore , a person with a tremendous amount of knowledge on only one field most definitely lack interest in other thing , and therefore miss so many thing in life . the other extreme would be people who know something about everything , but nothing of importance about any specific field . while these scientist might have the interdisciplinary skill , they would certainly lack the knowledge they need to combine anything of real use and importance . there be simply no need for these person in academia , since a certain understanding of specific problem be always need . I therefore strongly support the idea of a combination of these two type . of course I be aware of the fact , that we can never gain specific knowledge on all academic subject . this will remain an illusion . I favor the humanistic approach . specialize on one or two subject , but never loose your abilitie to overview a wide field . if you be a mechanical engineer , do n't loose your interest for theatre . 	GER
I dont really agree with this statement that ` ` most advertisement make product much well than they really be ' ' . because it away happen in the other way , that they will not be much good than they really be or they really seem to be . here come the difference , they will advertise the product by show its good quality and the way it work or so on , but they wil not show its defect , they will not count on those . perhaps they seem much good when they advertise them and they will convince us to buy it , its after that all happen that we will come to know about the actual performance of it , which be really bad . but sometimes it happen that the product seem much good than they really be , but note it , sometimes only , it just very rare . I will give you live example which have be experience by me in the past . once i buy a video-cd player , convince by the product advertisement in which it be show all its good quality and say its perform good than the remain one in the market . so i buy it think that it will be a good option to buy the product of that company . but i be completely wrong in my choice , because it be always subject to repair and it be not work properly . I go wrong in select , by see the advertisement . another example be an experience of my friend with a cosmetic product which promise to glow your skin , buy it by see the advertisement and think it will make her skin glow , instead it leave itch of the skin and allergy of skin . so , i strongly stick to my opinion that they be not as much good as they seem to be . I conclude by say that i disagree with the statement . 	TEL
in my opinion it be good to specialize in one specific subject in study life . this have a lot of benefit than try to learn a lot of subject in fact it be impossible to have a deep understanding of various subject . first of all you can choose your aim easily and it bring you to reach your destination at the short time possible . also one specific subject would be helpfull in your business career . in the business life , executor look for more specilized individual . for example it be not enough to graduate from business administration to acquire a good position . one also should have the specific knowledge of Finance or Marketing in order to get good salary . for instance I work in forest industry and I graduate in foretsry so now I know a lot of thing about timber , plant , solid wood , and like this . secondly , in today fast grow'ng world if one want to be employ with a high position in one company and have enough salary to have high standarts of living , he must concantrate on one specific subject and be expert about that position . take into consideration everything one should prefer specialize obout one specific issue and utilize this information to have high career throughout his life . that be why i be choose . 	TUR
I agree to the statement . in my opinion there be famous say that ` ` TO GET Success you Have TO TAKE Risk ' ' , i agree to this statement because i feel that success dosent come without take risk in life . today be the world of competetion and to compete in this world you have to try new thing to get success . in order to get success , sometimes you try to find out new way . by go on those way you think you can achieve success and you often take risk in your life . i feel if people only do those thing which they think know how to do well they can get success upto a certain level but can not reach height of success . in my opinion every one have its own defination of success and its depend on the person to person till what extent they can take risk in their own life , for some people success mean peace of mind or a happy life . but for some success mean reach the height of the world , to conquer the world so that person tend to take more risk comparision to that that person who be happy in his own world , or to that person have different meaning for success . for example , if you take the example of Cricket if a batsman want to score quick run he hast to play slodgy shot in order to take quick run so he have to take risk . sometimes he get success or sometimes he fail . so its just depend on the person be he ready to take the risk in term of get success ? but i dont think you can buy success without take risk . sometimes i feel be ` ` Success have ITS NEGATIVE Side ' ' . this question always bother me a lot . be success dosent come without take risk ? till now i be not able to find out the answer till date , may be i have not achieve success yet but the day when i will achieve succes i will come to know 	HIN
I agree with the statement , it be a need to take risk in life to be successful , if you stay in your confort zone you will never improve and grow to become a successful person . we be all bear with no knolege , we do n't event know how to walk , that be one of thefirst chalenges we face in life , to lear a new thing . if we be to start life stay safe and not explore we would not even know how to walk . Later in life we have to push our selfs to go to school and become part of a class , and keep try new thing like read writing , improve and get smarter . by the time we take that first job we have already do alot of thing out of that confort zone , new thing , and there be people that in that point of there life be confortable with be they be . in my oppinion you have to keep go . try to inovate , change and grow , learn new skill that can make you successfull in what you really want to do . become seccessful mean something different for every body , to me a successful person be one that know what be look to get from life , and be not afraid to try new thing in order to do what make Them happy . I thing everybody shoul take the risk of do new thing in order to become succesful and happy people . the last time a take risk do something a do not know how to do well be learn to surf . now be one of the thing I like the good in my life and i can not picture my self living in California not do surf . take risk pay off . 	SPA
I think i am agree with the follow statement . because , i think in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . in futrue , i think people be not as healthy as now becaus they use car evryday and everywhere so that they will not use them foot on walk , and in fact , it be bad in ours body , blood . people be knowleage and they will know it not far from today 	CHI
I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than stick to what they already know how to do well . there be risk involve in many the thing people do . that do n't stop successful people from do them . an intelligent person take calculated risk , which would make him/her successful . imagine how the world would have be if bill gate have n't drop out of school to pursue his passion . we would n't have have the luxury of use the window operate system ! he take a risk that could ruin his life but he believe in his dream . all the mission to space be risky , there be a huge risk of money and more importantly life . since some brave people have risk their life for their dream , ambition and for mankind to a large extent , we know lot of thing about the planet , the satellite and the space . astronaut , inspite of have doubt of their return to earth have travel into space . if it be n't for their effort , we would have remain ignorant of the universe and it ' S miracle . business be a field in which a lot of risk be involve . nothing be guarantee in business . there could be a huge loss incur from the business which be undertake . but still , risk be take to achieve great height . it ' S the same with the stock market . the path to success in business be full of traps and they need to be avoid to reach success . that be what many successful people do . be it any field , many successful person have take calculated risk to reach where they be today . the elegant cricket player Kevin pitersen , who be originally from south africa have move to england to keep his passion alive . the reason for this be state to be discrimination and politics in sport . have n't kevin pietersen take the risk of leave south africa inspite of be warn by the official that he would n't be eligible to play for his country again , the cricket world would have miss a great sportsman . he be also honor by the British government . he be now address as Kevin Pietersen MBE . the legendary mountaineer sir edumund hillary along with tenzing norgay climb the mount Everest . the risk involve in it be of the size of a mammoth . they risk their life to climb the tall peak in the world with sheer hard work and now they have a place in history . the information gather by them be a giant leap in geological study . these few example clearly indicate that success come at a price and risk have to be take calculatedly . 	TEL
it be good to specialize in one specific subject . I have a some rasons for my opinion . first , to specializde in one specific subject be very usefull to get a job . for example , when you want to be a carpenter , if you learn about carpenter specifficaly , you can be a carpenter easy than you learn broad knowledge , because you learn deeply about carpenter , and also corpenter do not need too much broad knowledge . second , to have broad knowledg let you take more time to learn than to specialize in one specific subject . so it be very serious problem for people , because thier graduation will be late , and time to get a job become more late . third , To specialize in one specific subject save cost to learn . for example , if you have broad knowledge , you have to take much money for many textbook to lean all of them . in contrast , if you want to specialize in one subject , you can get few textbook about just the subject . so you do not have to much money to get staff for learn . in conclusion , it be good to specialize in one specific subject because of get job and save time and cost . it be vey important reason . 	JPN
I agree with the statement that advertisement make product seem much good . it be because of my thought , survey , poll , and experiment first , famouse person usally make most advertisement . it appeal to people enoughly . most person want to be like actor , singer , and actress . maybe the product that be advertise by superstar be more attractive to the people . Scondly , the survey , conduct by cho-sun daily , one of the good paper in Korea , show that three of fourth of overall candidate of survey feel advertised product more quailified . also the poll , conduct by same company , show that people think that advertised product be more safe . thirdly , when I be a high school student , my friend buy a product that be not advertise . it be expensive tape player . it be disorder in next day . my friend want to get gerentee service . he do not get it . so he have to buy again and he buy advertised product , Sony , because of service . lastly , when I be young , I have two toy . I do not have discremination between two toy . however , I be perfectly change in my mind after advertisement of superman , my hero in the past . although the toy be much cheeper than another , I alway take superman ' s toy because I have proud of myself . in the conclusion , give several reason , I think that most advertisement make the product seem much good than they really . it seem that advertisement make us atractive to the product . . . 	KOR
I agree with this statement . i feel the student understad idea and concept then fact . it be clear the student lern more his idea and concept rather then the fact in classroom . Soi agree with this statement . in generally anysubjects be clasified ind two way either scince or social . Speciaaly in social subject we lern so many thing like histry geography economics and civics i tdiffer what we see to what we lern in histry . suppose few contries histry less then the @card@ year but those contries be now word bigest lephacanamis and those rool entair world . in start of twentiath century ther be no development of electronics scince . now we arre not think with of eleconics and computer and power but be it be truth . so many thing the idea and concept very iportent . like a meterials . their chemical bond conductvitytypes of meterial these be lern from idea and concept only not throuth fact . in meterial we have different type of classification fron thier characteristic supose now we be disscussed scince class . in this case i would like to discous solour system . insolor system sun be not revolving but we feel sun be move from east to west in naturally the earth be move fron west to east . and i will give another example if we travel any vehicle we feel soroundings be move we feel we be stationary like that . an other example we feel Earth be like plat it ' S not like a sphere shape but actually our earth be sphere shape not flat shape . but generaaly we feel it be a flat shape , , if it be plat shape sun rise time and sun set time must be same but it be not true . i feel above threee example we understand idea and concept s then theit be for then to lern fact . I give one technical example in this case . in general we be not acept energy transfer in real life but energy transfer one form to an other form of energy . but from fact we be disagree we can produce from heat to cold . in our fact life we feel it ' s very diffuclt . but it produce the heat be ( in boiler ) some kinetic energy this kinetic energy convert into electical energy with help of terbine , and finally electrical energy into cold from with help of refregaration process . so i stangly agree my entair part of discution . ` ` that be more importent to student to understand idea and concpts then the it be for them to lern fact ' ' . 	TEL
I partially agree with this statement if we talk about the young people live in the develop country , say , Taiwan . as I see it , young people in today ' s society like technology more than people . thus they may not pay enough attention to their own community . but on the other hand , young people nowadays have more opportunity to help other people , because we lead a rich and knowlegeable life than before . we can say that young people bear after @card@ be the generation of information technology . they ' ve get familiar with usaing computer since they be very little , even at the age of 3 or 4 . grow up in this kind of background , they seem rather to pay more and more attention to ` ` machine ' ' such as person computer MP3 player and game player than to people . in other word , they may spend much more time get along with these device of high technology instead of other people , include their community . yet young people , who have grow up in such condition , have more opportunity to help their community . why ? by use their outstanding computer skill , they can help their community do a variety of thing . for example , they can teach elder people how to use computer and surf the Internet . the thing like that be very simple for young people yet be quite meaningful for old people who can not use such technology device . connect with the world through computer , and these old people ' S life will change a lot . in my neiborhood , there be a young people like to teach old people in my community . he say , ` ` by do so make his life more meaningful , and he be very happy to use the computer skill to help people . it ' s easier for him to do so 	CHI
in the today ' s professional and academic world it be important to have profound knowlade of a specif subject to be able to deal with the specialized task one be confront with . insofar student should achieve a profound expertise in a special area . but one should be aware of the following : the question if a broad knowledge of many academic subject be prior to specialization in one specific subject can misslead the discussion . actually , specialized knowledge on its one wo n't be enough to deal with the need employee and research be face with in our day . To put it precisely : your expertise in a specific subject must be accompany by at least some broad knowledge of related academic subject and common topic in general . today , our society be a very compelx and fast move entity . that be why it be impossible for a single person to have a useful knowledge in all area of acedamic research . therefore it be important to have a specific academic field in which one develop a profound expertise . by do this one be able to understand the complexity of the subject concerned and follow the inovations in this area . this would n't be possible if one have a broad but purely superficial knowledge of a wide range of subject . in this case one ' S understanding of each single subject would n't be sufficial to solve the task and problem which could arise . furthermore , our society as well as the academic world be move very fast . it would be impossible to be up to date in a wide range of subject . but being up to date be a key qualification in our time . in this context it do n't matter if one be talk about technical , economic , social or political issue . all of them be highly complex and be fast change and therefore specialist be need in all of them . but as state above in the introduction one should not forget the importance of some basic general knowledge . therefore the good way of plane one ' S acade 	GER
recently , there be a lot of car in the world . in some country , one people have some car . car be very convinient , but there be many problem . I agree with the statement that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today for 3 reason . first , if people who use car a lot of time will decrease , it will be able to slove the environmental problem in the world easily . car use a lot of fuel and car emit bat gas . it be very serious problem . bat gas damage to people . if people have a lot of gas of car , they might be sick . especially , little child be very weak . if child have a lot of gas on the road , they might be become very bad sick . today , fuel price be very expensive and many people worry about money . however , many people use car a lot of time . people must think about environment . the earth be ours . second , if people do n't use car a lot of time , there will be no area of heavy traffic jam . in the world , there be many city where there occur traffic jam especially develop country . for example , in Japan , there occur heavy traffic jam every morning in capital of Tokyo . it be very serious problem . Japanese government make a lot of new high way and road , but there do n't decrease a lot of car . I think that the big reason about it be that price of car have be decrease and many people can buy many car easily . the good way to decrese a lot of car I think be that Japanese government try to make tax of use car . if Japanese government will do it , car will decrease . third , if many people do n't use car , there will not be in danger . driver ' S license be able to get easily . of course , all the people do n't have good skill and sometime , there occur traffic accident . if the test of driver ' S license will be difficult , there will be decrease people who can drive , and traffic accident will be decrease . in conclusion , if many people do n't drive car , we can solve many problem , so I hope that many people use train or bus , and there will be few car in use than there be today . 	JPN
I agree with the follow statement . in my oppinion successful people be successful only because , at one point of their life they be face with a chalenge and they have to take a risk in order to succeed . people that only stick to what they be good at will only be ` good ' yet they will not succeed if they do not take risk and face new challenge . try new thing , idea , and be able to overcome new challenge be what define a succesful person in my opinion . for example , if a person be quite gifted at a certain sport and be consider talented , it be still not enough for him to be ` labeld ' as successful . this person will have to test his ability against other people , try improve these ability , and risk injury or loss , and improve even more in order to move forward and become successful . if this person do not risk lose to people well than him and overcome them , he would never know how good he actually be . another example could be open a new business . if a businessman do not risk lose some of his money while start the business , he would not be able to make-up for his loss and gain even more money . not only be it important for a person to face new chalenges to imporve on himself , but it be also important to proceed forward , and see his level compare to other people or any other competition around him . face new challenge , and take risk be the only way a person would be able to succeed in life overall . talent be important yet it ' S not the only factor towards success . All the famous athlete , business man , superstar , etc. have face many challenge and be able to overcome them regardless of how talented they be , and that ' S what make them successful . 	ARA
I agree the statement . I think it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . there be a reason to support my answer . fact be result of idea and concept . good ideal and concept make good fact . however , bad idea and concept meke bad fact . so , if student understand idea and concept exactly , they can understand why the fact be maked . in conclusion , I think understanding idea and concept be more important for student than learnning fact . 	JPN
for some reason we can think that young people enjoy more life than old people do . at first sight we can state this because it be clear that it be easy to be young , in good health with future perspective than to be old , to suffer and to count the year before die . besides , parent often say to chidren that they be lucky . I ca n't deny that be old be not a very funny thing over all for the body , for the health but on the other side it imply that you have live a lot of various thing , you have find your way , you have child and maybe little child . in few word at this age , people have do the more difficult and they can use their time for pleasure , for rest , for what they want . on the other hand , be young be not such an easy thing and it be often a difficult part of life , over all the teenage period . indeed teenage be the time of self construction , the time to discover love , problem , to take the first decision . . . and that be not an easy thing because teenager do n't have a lot of experience yet neither self confidence . in addition , the youth be a tricky period concern relationship : young people be not nice between each other and a lot of them suffer a lot during this time . youth and more particularly teenage be transition and change time and for that they ' re not always cool and easy . you lose some beautiful thing like innocence , purity , inconsciense and so on ; you enter in the real world and the deception can be high . at the contrary , old people have already make their life , they have more experience about life and thank to that they meet less difficulty to resolve a problem . all in all , of course i ca n't say that i prefer to be young or old , it be not the question but i think that every age have its advantage and its setback . but i do believe that the most difficult be to be young because it imply a lot of problem and question for whose we be not always ready . 	FRE
I think that advertisement be the good way to sell product . I think the sell and gain money from a product have a very important and coherant chain . and advertisement pley a very important role in this chain because without an advertisement the product wo n't be know by lot of people , then you will not be able to sell your product to many people because your product be not well know and also because you do n't sell enough to get poeple ' s trust so your product be not enough trustfull and because of this you will not gain money . and because you dont have money you will be able to produce your good . and finally your company will be close . if you look to the big company like Coca-cola , you might understand what I be talk about . Coca-cola today be a huge company and have lot of factory in lot of country because it do introduce itself to the whole word by advertisement . Eventhough in our country , Turkey , they have a very big advertisement . in every mounth they produce a new ` ` creative ' ' advertisement to attract people to buy coca-cola . because they know that advertisement be a very important and helpful way to introduce new product and also to show and make them remember their old product too . so thats why they put lot of money to advertisement to make people buy their product even though coke be a very unhealthy thing . for another example fast food advertisement . we all know that fast food be very unhealty thing for us . it have lot of chemical thing which be not need by our body , but when you watch Mc . Donalds tw advertisement and see a billboard advertisement of Burger King , you immediatelly think about eat a hamburger and drink a coke and eat extremely unhealty French Fries . so advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . Eventhough they be extremly unhealty and and not need by human you immediatelly want them . but this make much good seller advertisement be not just food and drink , it can be a car adv . or a game console adv . or clothing company adv . or every single think you think of . Adverti 	TUR
I agree that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . because you can make use of idea and you will remember idea for a long time . first of all , when we understand idea and concept , we can make use of those in every daily life . for example , when we sometimes learn about Plato , we just have to learn what age he live or what the title of his book . however , if you understand his philosophy , you have different perspection and old idea and concept be relate to our present life , so it might your life good . second , when we understand idea and concept , we will remember easily , for example , please think about Chinese character . we learn it in a elementory school . when we learn how to write , we also learn how come this character . that be why we can remeber easily when we understand the idea . in conlcusion , understand idea be more important than learn fact . understanding idea and concept provide us new idea and make our life good . 	JPN
some people agree with the statement that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . it be because people travel easily if a tour guide take them . however , I strongly disagree with the idea . I will support my opinion as follow . first , I be not free to go any place if I travel with other . when I be university student , I visit to the Guam Island with five friend as a graduation memorial travel . after I reach a hotel in Guam Island , I want to swim as soon as possible . however , five friend except me do not want to swim and they want to go shopping . I could not reject them . I feel that my want be limit so much . I be not free . second , I can not meet some trouble if other or a tour guide be around me . I believe that some trouble which happen on the travel such as losting a way be interesting thing . Three year ago , I travel to New York in the United States of America . I want to go the Central Par after I arrive there . I try to go there use a subway . however , I lose my way to there near the time square . though I could not speak English well , I callenged to ask someone where the Central Park be . a kind man tell me the way and I could reach there finaly . I meet a trouble and try to find a solution during my trip . this be my interesting experience . if other people or tour guide be with me , I do not lose the way . and I do not talk to foreigner . for instans , I do not meet the accident . To sum up , by take these matter into account , I absolutely disagree with the statement that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . I do not want to travel with other people even they be my friend . if I travel alone , I feel free and go anywhere anytime . 	JPN
How do you think Bill Gates make so much money ? One of the answer that can be give be because he do , at a certain moment , something noone do before and because noone do that before it be risky . be that the key of success in general ? maybe not but it can certainly explain the success of several business man within an economic context . take risk and try new thing be two factor favor one ' s success in business because of have the advantage of be the first and consequently the good . try new thing , first , mean that the actor take the action be the only one in the area . for instance , if I draw a new picture it mean that noone do it before me and I be the first to act in this manner . be the first can give several advantage . if for instance you create a new product that you protect by copyright and that everyone want to have , you will have a monopole on it that will benefit your company . however , a new idea , product , drawing be not only good and do not always work . that be why successful people be also consider as people take risk . secondly , take calculate risk in a specialized area make you the only one to benefit of it and w when have an idea , spend lot of energy and money in it will not guarantee its success . To illustrate this idea , I hear once the story of a guy who 	FRE
I do agree with the follow statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . it be a known fact that in today society the word community be not that usual anymore . it shourly do still have a strong meanig in the village or small town but if you look at big city you will find most people live along without even know their neighbour name . especially the young people be not involve in the community so actually give time to help their community probably do not occure to them at all . One problem be deffinatly that young people already grow into a society that be do not realy care about society any more . so they do not realy have a chance to learn how to be part of a society and that beeing part of a society , in this case a communitie , also involve beeing motivate to give something back to it . of course they be suppose to learn it at school but if the parent do not care than the child will keep it the same way . another problem be that young people often have a lot of other stuff on their mind . like go to town with friend or to a disco . work for your community be not realy consider as ` ` cool ' ' and your friend might even start make fun of you if you start give your free time to help your community . at last help your community normaly mean work for it as a volunter so you will not gain any money for it . many young people that want to finance their live or have a bit plus will invest their time do something they will be pay for . All these reason show why young people do not invest enough time into their community . but it would be so important that they would do so . first of all your community be not just a couple of people live at the same pace on this planet but it can be a wonderfull social network that might help you in hard time . but if you want to be part of it you will have to get to know the people and be part of the team . that be only possible if you show that you be interested in your community and realy try to be part of it . community also have a lot of financial problem . so they need volunters work for them so everybody can keep the standard of live people now have . young peolple tend to believe thing would just be give to them without think about the work behind it . if the people give time to their community become less thing will start to disapear . probably young people than will wonder where the bus go drive kid to school or where the mall come from where there use to be a park . All these reason make it so important that young people start to learn how to be an active part of community and why it be so important that they start give time to help their community . 	GER
last week I read an article in our daily newspaper about who enjoy life more , female or male . I consider about these piece of paper a very long time and come to the conclusion that it be more worth to distinguish between young and old people , than between female and male . but neverthelesse I be of mixed opionion concern this question . One the one hand , you might get the expression that young people enjoy life more than old one if you observe from outside . but the only reason for that be , that young people live their life more active than old one . they try new thing , have fun whenever there be the chance to have and make their own experience in order to develope a personality . student for instance like to go to partys or hang around at the beach play soccer because they know , that in later professional life they will not have the chance to act like that . on the other hand old people have gather a vast amount of experience during their life . consequently they do no longer feel any pressure to act like young one . I believe that they also do have an active , excited life in their youth . but with a certain decrease in age , other thing like family , health or financial sercurity become more and more important for them . so in my state of view , they simple have a distict way of enjoy their life . they get their satisfaction by go for a healthy walk in the park or have a cup of tea with their husband or wife in the nice restaurant next to the beach . Unfortunatelly these fact be invisble to people you observe from outside , so the wrong impression might come up that old people do not enjoy their life . all thing recommend , I would state that neither the young nor the old people enjoy their life more . both group have its own way to enjoy their life . the youth often express more active while old people be satisfy by a calm and especially healthy life . 	GER
recently , you may realiz the there be more and more advertisement , not just on the TV program , but also in some newpaper and magzines . that make us into a deep thougt of whether the advertisment make product seem good than they really , be . in my opinion , i agree with that statement To begin with , a product of beed quality cost much on advertisment , most company spend a lot of money on advertise their product , overcloud the fonction and the use . that be harmful and not resposible to the customer . actually , many product of good quality do n't afford to the expensive advertisement , so they can not attract many customer . What ' s more , most customer like to find their perference product accord to the TV . as you know , most people spend about @card@ hour before TV . they think the advertisement be very faithful , especially the advertisement anounce by a famous person . if they like the person , they will trust the fonction of the product . so they waste a lot of money on that . in fact the product be not really what they think of . finally , many beatiful word and describe of the product really make it seem to be useful . many people add some use that be not really exist in the product and also over state the founction of it . many word soud very reasonable and trustable , it hard for you to analysis the fork and true . so people will easily spend money on pursusing one to have a try . for instant , a medicine can not cure head ache , but the in the advertisement firmly say it can cure you head ache , and make you easy go to sleep . in a word , most advertisement can make product seem good than they really be , in different way . you must be careful in your like 	CHI
this be a very hard discuss question and I believe everybody you ask tell you a different answer about this aspect of the generation gap . but with the tendency that always the other group be accuse to be more enjoy as the one you belong to . so everybodies opinion as a young or old person could be affect by such an influence . thus I be try not to be affect by such group thinking . I would say in the overall majority of our society be enjoy their life , although the old people do it more . surely one could say the young be lazy and the only thing they have in mind be make party . but I think that relate to their young and more active body and mind . and I be convince the relatively short time young peolple party can not be compare to the long period the old people sit around watch tv , play poker , or spend their free time in female chat club . of course there may be several old people that use their time efficiently by work , keep the front yard nice or be active in a sport club . there be also people who be ill and can not do what they have in mind . but in summary I want to make a statement about the mean , the normal , old person . young peolple be simply do much more , in both field enjoing and work , than old one . I do not know of any of my friend or studymates to think of life as only joy . they be all work hard and learn in school , university or learn a handworkers profession to provide the well possible opportunity to get a job and earn money to run a family . especially in today time of mass unemployment the young must perform more not to be one of the workless . that be different in the last decade , when get work be no problem and there exist shortage in factory worker . today worker must have a profession and be well preperated for their job . the old generation be now enjoy their dusk of life in a financially save situation . when the young people will be the old the situation will certainly have change to bad . 	GER
I agree with the statement that in twenty year from now , there will be few car in use that be today . more and more new car be get add to city traffic every day . improve economic condition be encourage people to purchase a car on their own instead of use the public transport system . the city ' S infrastructure be not be able to grow proportionately to the traffic result increase of jamming of traffic and accident . a recent health survey have show that people who get stick up in traffic jam be more prone towards stress affect both their pesonal and professional life . also , not to forget the pollution of air and sound these vehicle cause everyday . One more important factor that would discourage the car usage in come time be the constant rise in fuel charge and lack of availability of immediate and reliable alternative . the fuel production be not able to catch up with the alarming increase in the fuel consumption . with the advent of metro rail and other advanced public transprt mechanism which carry huge of number of people with short span of time to their destination , people would be incline to use them than risk themselves get stick in a bad traffic jam . with aggresive promotion of usage of public transport system by the government , the number of car could significantly decrease . also , with people experiment with new idea of car-pooling where a car be share by a group of people instead each one of them drive one on their own may significantly see in the reduction of number of vehicle on the road . owing to all these factor , people in come year will be less inclined to use their car . 	TEL
we often hear people say that young people should enjoy life as long as they still can . therefore , it be sort of commonly accept that old people be not enjoy their life , or at least less than the young people . we will discuss both side of this statement , and will express our final point of view as a conclusion . young people have less responsibility than old one : old people be responsible of young one ! as an example , it be rare to see parent buy firecracker to make a joke to their neighbour whereas it be cliche for youngster to do so . young people do n't have to work as to make their family live ; they attend class and have a lot of activity ; they be young and they enjoy themselves , because they simply have less responsibility . but this be a youngster point of view . do old people really enjoy their life less than young people ? obviously not . for example , have a family and give birth to an offspring be enjoyable , perhaps the most enjoyable thing in the world ! if old people enjoy their life less than young one , our world would be a very sad world . . . thus , some young people do not enjoy there life , and some old people obviously do . the statement ca n't be true because of this simple fact . honestly , if old people do n't enjoy themselves as much as young one , would it be worth to live this ? obviously if life be not enjoyable , then life lose its primary purpose , and live this life would be purposeless . I think the statement be a young people point of view , and be not really well think . at first , we feel it be true , but in fact it be because what we think be enjoyable or not change when we get old ! love to read poetry at the age of @card@ be rare , but at the age of @card@ it can be fully appreciate and understand , because the person have more experience and can catch the sense of it . I think that how we enjoy ourselves be different , but no one enjoy him or herself more than someone , base on his age . enjoy life be universal , and have no age . young people enjoy life as much as old people do , and vice-versa . 	FRE
the world we live in have a hard time because of several war . the victim of the war be not only this world , but also the old . old people have to reconstruct their world which have destroy , whoever do . even though there be still several war , this world relatively get recover . old people struggle to get out of the hard time , bring bacon home for their family , and they keep live for their family . now they have child who all grown-up , and time to spend for themselves . people say that the old do n't know how to enjoy their life ; I do n't think so . they have a hard time , so they know how thankful they be be alive now , and how precious their life be . they might look like they be still only work , but they know what the life be . they enjoy their life think their life profoundly . young people consider enjoy their to be very important . they go surf in summer and snowboarding in winter , and they say , ` ` I ' m enjoy my life . ' ' Yeh , they enjoy their life , but they , i think , enjoy life just for fun . there be no purpose to enjoy their life . they take it for grant . enjoy life need responsibility with purpose . without it , people underestimate how important their life be . a young man who always ` ` enjoy ' ' his life commit suicide suddenly one day . even though it might be true that he enjoy his life , he have no purpose . old people have a lot of experience . they get to have responsibility on their family , and know how awesome their life be . who ' s more enjoy life ? I think we have to enjoy with pupose . 	KOR
I totally agree upon the statement that most advertisement make product more attractive for the consumer than they actually be . nowadays it be very difficult to get product that work exactly that way it be promise to . in a globalised , market orientate world it be difficult for manifacturers , company or retailer to launch a new product and compete successfully against the other product . therefore marketer have to think of decent market strategy to get the customer / consumer awareness and interest . To be able to achieve this promotion be need , include advertisement . advertising enable the company to present its product and put an emphasis on its advantage . I certainly have the impression that it be almost present in a propagandistic way . the most effective channel use for advertising be one the one hand wallpaper in the street , which make use of visual affect , whereas tv advertisement be even more convincing as they additionally make use of sound effect . so , if you be the target person and watch the advertising on tv , you go into the shop and buy the product . so the marketer have achieve have partly achieve his aim by then . it be probably not his goal to see you unsatisfied , but most of the time the consumer be . I often think about such a fake when I see advertisement for McDonald . do the food not look so fresh and tasty ? but what you eventually get look and taste diffent 	GER
the tour guide be very meaningful word for me . becuse i be a student from the institute of tourism . I should say that a tour guide in a group to travel be the good way . for the starter , the tour guide must be the person who live in the local place that travel destination . so the tour guide should understand the fellow type of the habit in there . of course , the beautiful sight and people . for example , my hometown be Sahnghai , there be a deeply history and revolutionary mean city before the last century . I will take a group of traveller to some significant place , like the ` ` Chenghuang ' ' temple , and the ` ` Wai Tan ' ' bay and so on . I can provide the variety of their life , from food to communication . by the way , I remember a story of my country , a group of traveller from a foreigner country , come the Hunan -- - a province of our country . they have stay there for three day , but they have nothing to guide their travel . the heavy rain be cause a flood . after that , they have a sick , they have no medical to care them . fortunately , a tour guide from the local help them from danger , because she could commnication with them and find some pill that make from a special plant . so that be why the good way to travel in a group lead by a tour guide . even it could save the life . finally , I will talk a word tour guide in acient China -- -- Xu Xiakeng . he ever tell some word ` ` do n't change your tour propose , but a guide will help . ' ' the word claim that a tour guide be so much important to a group , because everyone who want to travel have a same dream 	CHI
Everybody be confront with advertisement in his daily life . about @card@ different kind of advertisement be influence us day by day . but be the advertisement reflect the reality , or be they just make the product seembetter than they be ? I think that advert definitly show the product in a good light , because it do n't mention the danger of product . Furhtermore , the real price be often not view . firstly , advertisment should change our consumer habit . thus , the producted be display well than they really be . for instance , Mc Donald ' S try to attract people by show the consumer photo of their burger . the burger in the photo be make of plastic because they look fresh than the real burger . What ' s more the advertisement do n't show the danger of these product . Let ' s take Mc Donald ' S again as an example . it be commonly know that the product of the fast food restaurant lead to overweight . nevertheless the advertisement do n't mention any of these disadvantage , because Mc Donald ' S want , of course , the people to buy their product . another example be toy for little child . as they be often produce in China , they contain material of low quality . in some case , the toy be even toxic for the child . these be danger , which be definitely not mention in the advertisement , an unacceptable way to distract from danger in my opinion . thirdly , the real price be always hided in the advertisement . for instance , the big air line try to attract people with cheap offer , e.g. one flight form Munich to Berlin for only @card@ Euro . in fact , this offer do n't represent the real price , because it do n't contain the additonal fee of airport or the extra cost of the fuel . actually , the flight cost about @card@ , Euro almost the double price of the advertisement . all in all , advertisement screw up the reality . Mc Donald ' S try to offer its burger with fotos which do n't view the real burger . additionally , the hazard of the product be n't mention . hence , Mc Donald ' S and Co. distract from the problem of overweight by show salad which seem to be good for the health . it be a fact that these salad even have more energy than normal burger . moreover , toy selling company want to make their toxic product attractive to the consumer . finally , false price annoy the consumer . as far as I ' m concerned , I think the development of the advert should be stop . product should be buy by people because they have a good quality , instead of consume only because the advert make it seem much good than they really be . 	GER
there be two type of advertisement accord to the chronological order . one be post-modern advertisement and the other be modern advertisement . the start of advertisement be with modern advertisement which concentrate on utility of product . Later on , after the cold war period , post-modern advertisement concentrate on the image or impression of advertisement begin flourishing and it have be mainstream of advertising technology untill present . now , here come the problem . post-modern advertisement tie mainly with appeal method of impression and to appeal other , it need such accentuation of positive portion and slip out negative aspect or to cover the weakness of product competitiveness in utility , they will have to concentrate on overwhelming person with the other good aspect of product such as design . this , can be say that advertisement nowadays make their product seem well . it might be limit example for my country but as it be fair example , I ' ll discuss it . in my country , insurance company put tremendous asset to visual advertisement . they put some word like ` ` no additional money to pay for 2 month ' ' in big letter while they put some negative but crucial information in letter that ca n't even be see without glass . people see the condition only write in the big letter which seem pretty charming to us , people . however , they realize that they be fake when they actually borrow loan from that company . there be other method in make a product seem good than it be . it be not tell about utility or any other practical value but depict beauty merely . this be especially severe in visual advertisement . impress image overwhelm person that the person forget the real use of product be actually limited and sometimes , advertisement use person ' s mind tend to follow celebrity and hire celebrity in make advertisement . person , just mimic celebrity then . surprising psychological method inherents in post-modern advertisement tempting persom to purchase product . by minimize shortcoming and accentuate merit or by visually overwhelming person without any utilarian usefulness , advertisement show product good than it be actually and people often dull , get fake by advertisement . definitely , we ' ll have to be aware of this that we do n't get fake . due to the reason above , I think that most advertisement make product seem much good than their reality , succesfully . 	KOR
it be often believe that young people enjoy life more than old people , due to several reason , which , in my opinion , be relate to the availability of time and other physical and mental resource , such as enthusiasm . I believe that this view be , in some way , incomplete , although not entirely wrong . the incompleteness of the view , be give by the fact that old people be people with experience . this mean that they can assess value to certain action on the basis of their past experience . they know what to do in order to enjoy certain positive feeling , as well as they know what to avoid . this mean that people , once they become old , have all the necessary resource in order to exploit their knowledge on themselves , and hence collect the fruit of their life as young people . in addition , although some people believe that money do not make happiness , old people be more likely to have money to spend for themselves , make them enjoy life in more way . this would imply that you start to enjoy life only at a certain age . however , there be the opposite pont of view , which be the one of the statement . young people , or at least most of them , do not have many thing to worry about . it be up to their parent to control and administer the so call ` dirty work ` , whilst they be free to grow up . this show that people , during the early stage of life , have plenty of time to dedicate to themselves , to the discovery of new thing . if it be true that old people know what thing they like and what they do n't , with the advantage of not have to experiment anymore , it be also true that youngster have the possibility of go through the process of discover , which be probably the most interesting and fulfill of all , as it give you the opportunity of know new thing and experience new feeling , which be previously unknown . for example , people usually remember their first kiss , rather than their last . in conclusion , I would say that life can be enjoy at every stage , when you be young and when you be old , although in different way . the first period of life should be dedicate to discover what you like and enjoy , whilst the last should be dedicate to the exploitation of such discovery . 	ITA
I clearly disagree with the fact that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour . I will explain you why around three main point . first of all , in my opinion , I trully think that trip preparation be a complete part of the travel experience . if you follow a group lead by a tour guide , you will not be able to discover the country or city you will visit in advance . reading , the Lonely Planet , spending hour on Google watch for some advise on the good place to go be a great time . secondly , in a group lead by a tour guide , you have to follow . for me , it mean that you be not free to do what you want , when you want . the bad thing be that they be tell you when you have free time ! in a trip , I go through a lot of different mood . sometimes I like move quickly from one place to an other , but sometimes , and it happen quite often , it be real pleasure to relax , take time , and enjoy the moment . from my point of view it ' S essential to follow our rythm . last but not least , the departure and return flight be most of the time schedule in the middle of the night and in unknown airport . we all know that tour guide want to reduce cost and get a good rentability . that be the reason why , they prefer to choose big airplane charter with small seat to put more people in it . in addition they use small airport which be clearly cheap . the travel become painfull , and it affect your trip appreciation . that be why , I disagree with the idea that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . there be many other way to have a good time in a trip than this one . 	FRE
on of the most important in our life be to discover the new thing , I belive taht traying the new thing can help you in thinking and use your mind and that can be the start of creative a new thing , when you try new thing you can fall excitted not like when you do routine thing , which give you the fel that you be like the machine . some time to start do something without experience of it make you think alot before do it , that be normal way of think but as person have mind to think about it you should do the right balance about start new thing or use a usuall method , really it be difficult or lat me say it depend on the situation if i be try new thing that not effect the health , and no dingrous of do it why not specially if it can help me in discover new thing and use my mind think about the good way one of the most important point be if every one do the some thing that already do in any feild who can we discover new meathod or way in work or life practice so , the successful people be always take the risk which may help in discover or improve thier life . the life be like school you should learn from it and how you learn . it be by try by your self and you shuold always keep in mind that there be no limitied of knowledge and the way to learn be do the mistak , be sure that when you make the mistake or go throw the risk of new trial what ever it be you should learn something even if you do not know it at the same time you may get the benifit later in conclusion , I belive that traying the new staff could help in make you a creative person , and it can be the good way to learn in your life . without try the new thing i think we destry the future and control the knowledge , it will be the major reason for the stopping of our future life . 	ARA
learn about thing differents thing s it ' s the basememenmt of our society . because if every people specialize themselves in one en only one academic subject in will be difficult for us to discuss together on a general subject . in our society ther be continue change , we need specialized people who can well understand topic on their favourite academic subject . nobody can understand all problem on all subject and find solution for those problem , we need expert for that . for example we be not able to explain how the financial policy of a multinational can effect the company profit . but the people who be able to explain that ; ay be not able to explain how education can reduce violence in poor country . these expert be , I think , the ; ore able to teach thier knowledge . it ' S important that this knowledge do n't begin a sort of integrism . even if we be specialize on a subject it ' S important to understand other people point of view . the fact that our society be in a permanent changing put an other problem on the table . What happen to people specilized on a topic become old fashion ? do this people lose all their skill ? What can they do now ? the key be that people should be able to work , learn and think about other subject . for example there be some technology who will become unefficient in the next five year . it ' s important for those people who still work on this technology to have the possibility to switch on an over one . To conclude we can say that it ' S important to have some expert on qcqde ; ics su 	FRE
I agree with this opinion . Ofcouse there be also chance to enjoy old age however it up to young age which people have spended . so I wanna point out three pointsto explain why young people enjoy life more than old people do . first of all , young people have power to gain what they want or to achieve some kind of goal . in the phisical , they be so young that they can work all of the day without sleeping , sometimes . besides it , they be not too tired after work . it be one of the important thing to achieve the goal . in the mentality , they do n't feel responsibility for society or family so they can cahllenge something important or need to hard work without think deeply . if people become have family or need to care their palents , there be some negative factor to challenge something . second , there be opporturnities to make them change or study or grow up . there be chance to take education and study abroad or something . old people , mostly it ' S palents , give young people to have time to concentrate on themselves , in ohter word , to think about themseoves . it be most important thihg to grow up and have identification on theirselves . thirdly , young people can have time to have comunication with many people who have different background . old people mostly have job and it be limit to opportunity to comunicate with people in the office and people . on the other hand , young people have the cahnces to have conversation and have time together with many kind of people . they have time to go all around the world , a mntality , there be nothing for them to lose . there be only to gain . so 	JPN
I agree with the statement but i think it will depend on different reason . it will be difficult to live without car , especially here in Italy where most of the trade and travel be make by car . I believe that we will all benefit from the lack of car but we need to get use to other mean of transport . first of all , people should start use public transport . in this way , company will improve their mean and they will be ready to sustain the change habit in twenty year . secondly , we should invest more in research and development for alternative mean of transport and to lower the price of transportation , such as those of airplane , train and ferry . government should also improve infrastructure for there mean of transport as often airport , railway station and harbour be not enough efficient . as nowadays car be the big source of pollution , it will be positive for the environment and for all of us . scientist be already work to find alternative source to make our car run , as in twenty year time , we might run out of petroleum , and this will probably be the main cause for few car . despite this , we will need to discover alternative source to make our car running . new car be already on the market which work with hydrogen , electricity or solar pannels . however , they be just prototype and we be not sure about their benefit to private transport . finally , it will cause less accident on the road as most of the dead in the western emisphere be cause by road crash 	ITA
I once travel to Barcelona , Spain . I take many lecture about Barcelona to learn about Barcelona . however , Guide could still provide lot of information that I never hear of . Threfore , I can say that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . first , tour guide can provide lot of information . when we travel alone or in group without guide , we have to depend on guide book to gather information of what we be look at . it give us limited amout of information . however , guide study for a long time . for example , to get a tour guide lisence in Japan , tour guide need to major Janapnese culture . so they know many thing which we can not learn from book . for example , at the Guell Park construct by Antoni Gaudi , there be a famous bench which be really comfortable , because the design consider human ' s biological structure . our group think that this bench show another genius aspect of Gaudi . however , our guide tell us that this bench be not make by Gaudi , but other architect who work with him . no book include that fact . second , guide know a lot about the region , so we experience special thing . Guides know where to have great meal , where to buy the good gift , and they know about local culture . for instance , my guide suggest one restaurant and we have meal together . my guide tell me that if I show chef that I be enjoy the meal by make certain gesture , then they will get appreciate . I do it , and I get extra chicken soup for free . tour guide be expert . they can offer information which be not mention in book . since they know a lot about the area , we can experience many thing which other tourist can not . the good way to travel be follow the lead of wise and smart tour guide . 	KOR
in this world full of selfish , help the other turn to be a way of life for many people , and a great number of them be young . despite the generalize idea of the young boy drinking during all the weekend , have as many fun as he can , in my opinion , there be a pretty important number of young people that think in the other , in their community . nowadays , it be welll know that , we have a great problem , at least in Spain , with the young people and their motivation in life . but , there be also , a lot of people with strong principle , who enjoy express themselves in strike , forum , etc . there be people who take part of different sort of Non Gubernamental Organitations , for which they spend most of their free time . moreover , it be possible to see people clean the forest during the weekend , help in the hospital , be volunteer in local campaign for the adaptation and the integration of foreign people . the Non Gubernamental organisation have change the way of work in human right field , by the introduce of the figure of the volunteer . a volunteer use to be a young person who want to participate more activetly in the life of their neighbour . it be a person who care about thing like , the environment , the climate , the human right , the animal , the globalisation , summarize , their community . the truth be that many people be concern about how the thing be go , how everything be develop , and among them , the young peolpe . despite all the war , and destruction , the world be full of people that truly relief in a good world . I think that we be many reason to be proud of our young people , because they will be able to go , further than our generation , with all their purpose of a good world . 	SPA
some peopel claim that the number of car will be down because not only the pollution arised by car be very serious and but also the various public transportation system be develop . however , I firmly believe that people want still the convenience of the car and eco-friendly car be develop now . at first , the amount of the car ' S manufature be inceasing continuouly . that be because people would like to have their own car for the convenience of movement . the study by Korean Public Transpormation Instute show that the main reason that Seoul citizen ' favorate way to go to work be their own car ' convenience . they can enjoy drive except for the traffic-jam time and do their favorate activity freely , such as llistening the music . even though the government make the public transportation good condition , people will not satisfy with their try . as far as the environmental issue , it be not a big problem since many contries try to develop the eco-friendly car . this investment also mean that people still admit the car ' practice and convenience more than other way to move . several month ago , in Japan , some researcher inovated the electronic vehicle , which can be use by normal person . so , in the future more people use will use nature friendly car . in these respect , I disagree the statment that the number of car low 	KOR
in twenty year of time the number of car in use will be in few number than there be today . I agree with the statement the author have make . down the lane about @card@ year of time the number of car be use will be decrease considerably vow to many factor . a car can effectively work for Maximum of fifteen year , after fifteen year most of the part in the car would be tear out and the efficiency of car decrease , even if the car be use beyond fifteen year it may release hydrocarbon which may increase the polution . most importantly our native government be take to measure to implement the idea of use car for only fifteen year and after fifiten year the car have to send back to the showroom , or it have to be thoroughly check to use it , so that the car use will not increase the pollution . the demand for petroleum product have increase significantly , to run any vehicle we require a petrol . unfortunately we be run short of petroleum product . due to scarcity of petrol the number of car will be reduce as the middle class people may not offerd to pay such huge price for petrol and maintain a car , now a day the road which we use be congest because of traffic present . the number of vehicle be increase daily , add to the traffic problem . the traffic now a day be such congusted that we can reach our destination more quickly on foot rather tah use car . To have a smooth ride on our car we wish to have a spacious room t drive our car , but unfortunately there be a little chance to expand these road . so people be find differnt alternative for their daily work . one of the most interesting aspect be problem of obesity in many people . the food habit and nutrient content in the food have cjhanged a lot and they have no time to do exercise to keep themselves fit and healthy . Cycling provide a good chance of exercise to the body and there be a hope that many people may switch to cycling in nearby future for a short drive where they use car before . I canconclude that the number of car in the next twenty year will be few than car in use today because of problem mention above . the main important problem for the reduction in numberof car be the availabaility of petroleum product and health problem . Inorder to overcome these problem people may switch to various mean of transportation reduce the number of car use . 	TEL
nowadays the number of car be increase day by day . for instance , traffic jam be become more and more usual not only in big city , such as New York or London , but also in small one , such as Lyon or Bilbao . it be know that the car be the most used way of transport and all of us use it to go every where , although gas price be get high and despite the polution that it create . that ' s the reason why I believe that the amount of car in twenty year wont decrease and , actually , I think it will increase for several reason . firstly , the amount of people who belong to the labor force be increase and the unemployment , on contrast , be go down . so more people work mean an increase of fund in that people and more people who need to go to work . maybe not all of them will buy a new car but many of them definately will do it . secondly , live standars be become high as time go by in the developped country . then , although some year ago there be just one car for each family , nowadays there be usually two at least . and as live standard be go up the number of car will go up too , as parent will start buy car for each of their son and daughter . last but not least , we be live the economic explosion of some developping country as China , for instance . the economic growth in China be huge , and the increase in car sell be huge too . All the international company be go to china for both , sell and produce car , as their past production be not enough to cover the actual demand . attend to the opinion of the most famous economist , they that this economic period be expect to last many year more . moreover , this phenomenon do not affect only to China but also to the other developping country as South America and so on . in conclusion , I sincerously believe that all of these factor to explain clearly that the number of car be go to increase , and it will be biger in twenty year then . 	SPA
young peolple enjoy life more than old people do , it ; s a very important issue to discuse as every age get his point of advantage to enjoy and to what extend you belive that you be enjoy your life firstly , young people get the energy and spirit of take the risk to have fun or any kind of adventure but they donot have enough time to do that because they have to work to earn money to servive and to achive their goal . but the young people be very lucky because they have a lot of mean toenjoy their life , for example the computer , club , sport and ... on the other hand the old people donot have enough power to practise any the need efort or energy . also they have a numerice kind of disease . one of the most serious problem they have that they can not deal with the new and modern equipment of entertaiment second , money be the most great factor to enjoy your life as a toll to use to fulfill your satisfaction . in spite of , the old people have enough money from the previous working life , the young people can be more happy and enjoing their life with a veryb little amount of money . young people mean energ , hope , happeness , succes and life wthout deformation to put in a nut shell , i agree with the statment that young people enjoy life more than old people do . young people be very lucky and get a very good chance to do everything the like to feel happy the young people get everth in the new civilization to serive them and offer a different way to enjoy ther 	ARA
nowadays , there be alot of thing the make the young people busy and keep them away from their community . One of these be the technology facility like celluar phone , TV , and Internet access . I be not say that to keep them away but not to spending alot of time with unneccessary thing . To start to teach the people how to be an effective member in their community they be suposed to recieve lecture or class that shift them from personal intraction to community interaction like to be volunteer or participate in the social activity without any refund . once the nowadays young people get the meaning of the life they will be binifial in their community . nowdays young people some time they have enough opportunity to help their community with good output . but they need help from the community just to guid such people to the safe coast . nowadays people be more orient than the former people because of the technology facility availability . 	ARA
I agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . there be two reason to support my opinion . the first reason why most advertisement make product seem good be that the most important thing be to sell more product in term of the producer . in sell product , advertisement be very important because there be many product of the same kind in the world today . in this situation , attractive advertisement be indispensable to compete with product from other company . Let ' s take cell phone for an example . there be many company produce cell phone all over the world , and each company also provide many different type . last year , I lose a cell phone and decide to buy a new one . I be a t a loss as to what to buy , and I finally buy one with the most attractable advertisement in a store . after I use it for a while , I easily find that it be difficult for me to use it because of many unnecessary accessory function . I usually use cell phone only as a mobile telephone , and so I do not need a function of take a picyure . therefore , I really find that it be important to discern the advertisement more carefully . the second reason be that the producer partly believe that the real quality of the product be first know after many people use them . in this regard , producer be eager to sell the product in the first place . they consider the problem of the product after the consumer claim to them . it be not really a good attitude , but this idea be also rampant and be derive from the idea that selling product be the most important thing for producer as I metioned in the first reason . however , society have change its regard of a recall movement , so this attitude become risky and risky in the develop country . in summary , I agree with the opinion that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	JPN
I personally think that if someone have a broad knowledge on many subject , he will be able to find a solution on a large amount of problem in life/work . if a person have to solve problem on his own and ca n't cooperate with other people , he would certainly be advantage with this type of knowledge . on the contrary , if a society be well organize and all the part that cooperate be well prepare just on a specific subject ( obviously each part have a different subject ) , efficiency can be increase a lot make the society very competitive . take the statement from a more personal point of view make me think about those people consider as ` ` genius ' ' , that improoved a lot in a specific field but consequently have a lack of knowledge in other field , for example social relationship . this make them suffer and escape different situation just because they ca n't stand them . the genius create something with his ability that will always be remember and appreciate , but he have to suffer for it . actually I wish I be a genius on something , but at the same time I like the way I be educate so i find myself in agreement with the statement . 	ITA
I think that both understanding idea and learn fact be equally important for a student , but if I be force to choose between the option I would say that understanding idea and concept be more important than learn a list of fact . the comprehension of the idea that give the meaning to a fact will enable the student to understand all the fact that be base on that same idea . for example : teacher teach the child how to add number by explain them how addition work , not by tell them that 2 + 2 = 4 , that 2 + 3 = 5 and so on . when a child have understand the idea and the concept of addition he ' ll be able to make all sort of addition . What i really mean to say be that the understanding of a concept will lead you to the full comprehension of several fact of the same kind . on the other hand i can not avoid to notice that we face a big risk in focus too much on idea and concept : the risk of leave out the reality . reality be very important because it ' s the point we tend to : all idea and concept be study to give reason on thing we ' ve see in our experience , if we do not refer to reality we would be just speak about nothing , our talking would be only speculation which be not usefull to us . I would say that we need a balance between the two thing , because they be both important to the student : i think that a good method of make them understand a theory or a concept would be give them example , because talk about experience be effecive in make them realize what concept we be deal with . on the other hand I think that when a teacher talk about a specific fact he should always say what be the idea that stay behind that fact so that he woul obtain two important result : fistly the student would fully understand the fact in its implication , cause , consequence ( for example why a war be declare , what consequence it have . . ) and secondly the student would be able to understand many fact of the same kind because they may recognize the same idea behind other fact . 	ITA
there be many advanges in any field of knowledge . they have some connection with each other . if student only learn one specific area that will be misunderstand some part of academic subject . in my opinion , I agree with people be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . some academic subject need student know the other subject first . otherwise , they could not totally understnad its meaning or how to figure out the answer . for example , student have to know mathemtic class first and then they can use it on the accounting class . on the other hand , if people have broad knowledge , they can understnad the newspaper what they talk . they also can join any kind of topic to share their opinion . if people only concentre on their area that will be lose many chance to know new friend . people specialize in one area that ' s good for their career in the future because they can deeply understnad their professionl knowledge . as the matter fact , after graduation , people can gain more specific knowledge when they work . it would be good than learn specific knowlege in school so they do n't need to focus on it . if student learn specific subject in university , they will lose oppontunity to gain more than other area . 	CHI
Nowadys , there be a interesting thing that a lot new product be ` ` young people ' ' . it seem like young peopel may enjoy their life more than the old generation . every one have his own value about life and different value lead to a compeletely different way of life , so we can not say who enjoy himself well . be full of experience , old people have a different thinking about the life from the young people . some old people who survive from the second world war can understand how important the food or the money be , so in stead of waste wealth on enjoy life , they choose to lead a quite simple life . but they never feel their life be borin . second , young people have a strong willing to show their themself to attract a boyfriend or a girlfriend . in order to be popular , young people may like to stay in pub and bar , they drink , dance and joke with each other . however amost all the old people have already find an acompany , and fashion , car be less important for them , even they do not want to live as the young people . if it be not necessary , it do n't make sense to the judgement that young people enjoy life well . in addtion , age may be very important in some culture . for example , old people can control the young one in China or Kera . in these country , age can influence many thing especially when people be have fun . in these culture , the society will provide more benefit to the old people . if Chinese people have a lot of food , the old one can obtain more . so it be not ture that young people can ejoy their life well within a less supply . in concusion , old people be equal with the young people , that be why nobody augre about that at all . 	CHI
the follow essay describe why I agree with the fact that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . advertisment play a tremendous role in our life . let me first state my personal feeling about the situation in our society today . I be often irritate and confuse when I see all the different advertisement . when I turn on the TV , read the daily newspaper or even when I go outside for a run in the park I be influence by advertisement . everywhere in the medium and in the public be advertisment and people be oversupply and do not recognize them anymore . therefore in order to gain the attention of the consumer the company have to exaggerate in the advertisement . they praise their product extremely in order to be recognize by the people . the competition be very hard due to the huge variety of product . the increase significance of communication channel like the Internet make the competition even harder because people be now penetrate even more with advertisement and commercial . only if the advertisement be extraordinary and special people will eventually buy the product . however , in reality the product ist not as good as the advertisment have promise . I have also be dissapointed by a product that I buy for several time . One example be the new iPhone which promise to be much good than it really be . however that be a very subjective impression because other people like the product and be satisfy . as a conclusion one can say that the attitude of a product be a very personal feeling and differ a lot . 	GER
it be difficult to say whether it be good to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject or to specialize in one specific subject . first I will say that it be important to have a broad knowledge . but then I will show that it be not easy or even possible to do . have a broad knowledge be very good . this be why , at school I have learn about a lot of different topic . To know as good about history as about biology or astronomy be fantastic . if I have this broad knowledge I would be able to speak with a biologist or an historian . but it be possible to have a broad knowledge of many academis subject without be specialize in one particular topic ? in fact , my knowledge in biology would not be as accurate as this of a biologist . that be to say that , somebody who have a broad knowledge of many academic subject , be specialize in nothing . so , in that case it be hard or even imposs to find a job . I think it be important to specialize in one specific subject in order to find a job , or to be able to provide accurate information about a precise topic . in conclusion , in my opinion it be good to specialize in one specific subject . but in that case it be important too , not to forget that other subjet exist . so , it be necessary to read book about other topic . for example a biologist must Know about history even if he will never be as good in history as in biology because the may need historical information to explain several phenomenon that he be already study . 	FRE
I beleive that young people enjoy life more than old people . first of all , the young have much more free time than the old people . a typical old person would spend their time at work . most of the time the old people do not enjoy go to work , but have to go anyways to make a living . on the other hand , the young do not have work and often enjoy their free time with friend or their interest . also , the physical make up of the young and the old people make a difference in the enjoyment of life . many of the young people enjoy their time play active sport and/or game . however , the old people can not physically able to enjoy these active sport or game . the human body be construct to become weak and feable as they become old at a certain age . for example , there be a young man that love football and become a star high school football player , but thirty year later , he can not play his favorite sport anymore because of his physical fitness . even if the old man keep his physical fitness and play football , he would not fully enjoy the sport as much as he do when he be in high school , since he do not have his old friend to play with . another reason be that the young people have school which he/she can go to find many friend to enjoy her/his time with . on the other hand , old people have less chance to meet new friend that can give them enjoyment . 	JPN
` ` Life be just one , and we have to substract from it all as we can ' ' , I mention and use that phrase all my life . since I be a kid , I understand that I have goal , the one that make me work and continue through school and college . I experience a lot of thing , which make me the man I be today . I take risk during that time , like move from my town to get a good education , but at the same time I continue with the same goal and do what I do good , math and science . I understand that people do both , they take risk , while they do what they know how to do well . for example , a story about a guy that know how to sell TV ' S to people . after do that for a long-time period for a ` ` X ' ' company , he realize that he could do that kind of job with his own company , and he quit the job . then he start his own company name with his son ' S name . Thats be the huge risk he take but he understand that people like him have choice , and that he will be success because he know how to do the job . with that story , an integrationg of risk and experience can be observe . he do know where he be good at , and he use that to try new thing . my experience tell me , that I should integrate both , while they be acceptable . my life be make about experience , and each day I take risk to keep living . overall , I do not agree with the statement ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' . people be the owner of your action , and the success will depend on it . a person can be success by just do what they know how to do , or by try new thing , which will take them again to the point of do what they know how to do . I know that my future be around scieces , but I do know that I have to take risk to achieve my proffesional goal , be a meteorologist . I have to move from my home-country , know that be for my own good . Thats the bigest risk I will experience next year , while at the same time I know how to talk to people , make new friend , and take the good from every opportunity I encounter . success be around the courner and should experience it with new thing or by just do what they do well . 	SPA
I neither disagree or agree the statement that young people do not give enough time to help their community for various reason . first of all in past time people especially youth have much more spare time compare to present time youth . Morever the obligation of the youth be much more than the former one , as an example in my country due to economical reason almost @card@ percent of collage undergraduate have to have a lte night job to cover up for his or her collage fee and expense . therefore it be impossible to make a fair comparison betwwen generation . secondly , in my country , Turkey , although the sharing and helpful community of past Turkish culture do not seem to exist as it be @card@ year ago , there have be an significant increase in both quantity of charity union and their member number with comparison . moreover , accord to my observation , 3 out of 5 people who join this kind of organization be mostly in a age range of @card@ . they help people with disability to adapt the society , arrange a support group for misbehave child and woman , give lecture for poor family child . today the community service and charity work be do much more organize compare to way back then . in conclusion , the condition of today and past generation be very different than each other . Altough it may be see that youth spend less time for help their community stillplays significant role to help it , 	TUR
I believe that a strong conclusion tell that have a broad knowledge of academic subject be well than specialize in one specific subject would be faulty . there be both advantage and disadvantage of the two . First , be an expert on a specialized field be unquestionably necessary . the development of science be base on use the knowledge gain by our ancestor . so . in order to make use of previously conduct research on specific topic and to take them to further point , we need specialist . a man have a broad knowledge in many field would not work in this kind of a situation . second , in our daily life , we can clearly observe the necessity for specialist . for example , think of a situation that you be sick and go to the doctor . the first doctor you go to would probably be a representative of a person that have a broad knowledge on human body . you would expect that doctor to direct you to a specialist for the specific health problem you have . then you would need a doctor specialize on your problem . this situation also illustrate the necessity for both . finally , people that be specialize on a topic may sometimes become blind by the long time of same kind of work they be deal with . in such case , a broad knowledge person could see the big picture and would be more beneficial to solve the problem . To illustrate , industrial engineering , which be my major field , require see the big picture in a company as we try to solve the problem in it . when we deal with the problem state by a department in the company , we observe that the department do not consider the possible cause of the problem which can actually be cause by any other department . so , this experience of me from summer internship indicate the possible disadvantage of work on the same topic all the time . in conclusion , we need both specialist and people have broad knowledge since they be both need for solve the problem of human being in the real life . so , a clear conclusion that one of the position be good than the other would be very mislead . 	TUR
in one hand , i ' m not agree with this follow statement . as we can see , there be more and more people who living on this earth . progress of medecine , which make us our life being longer , the multiplication of the population let me think that we will be more human in @card@ than in @card@ . and due to this multiplication , the number of car sell out each year make me feel that car will develop in the same way like the population . moreover , no government have for the moment take postion in order to discover a new means of transport . they be elaborate compose fuel ( with ethanol ) or other kind of fuel , in order to reduce gas emission in the atmosphere but not in the way to reduce number of car . but on the other hand , many thing make me think it to the contrary . Fisrtly , i have talk about progress make by the medecine , in the first section , but it ' S also all progress make in science in general . something let me think that some utopists have the right key . I ' m attend to wait for a replacement of car by plane . it ' S in my logic . and why do the teletransportation can not be create in the near future . Teletransportation can replace car . secondly , i ' m sur that the lack of petroleum which must happen in further year , will be the key of the substitution . even if we find solution . . . but today , it be not go in that way . we can also try to limit the number of car by instauring mass mean of transport , like bus or train . finally , the lack of petroleum be not the only reason of a whisper decline in the number of car . even if we be still to discover new material , add to the number of car make by year , we can suggest a lack in metal , plastic , as far as the consumptiom of all habitant of this earth be so fast . To me , it be difficult to forecast such a statement , even if i hope there will be less and less car , and what i hope the most , be that a genius must create the teletransportation , it will be very efficient for all people in all the world . but who know what our future be make of . . . 	FRE
there be many thing people should know and learn because the knowledge be get increse and increse every day , therefore , it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject because it can help people to improve their social life , develop their other skill that they have not know yet , and get good job . have broad knowledge of many academic subject be good because it can improve people ' s social life . for instance , when one talk to other people who like sport . even thouth one do not like sport , he still can talk about sport topic to other people . because he know the knowledge of sport , he can creat good friendship by communiting easily . moreover , learn every knowledge might help people to discover their other skill . for example , a doctor always work everyday . One day , she study dancing , and she feel the dance be her insterest . therefore , she have another skill and interest which have a big difference between be a doctor and a dancer . finally , it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject be that it be easy to chang a good job . because people have a lot of skill and knowledge require by some company , they probably can be hire by any company . for example , there be two people interview a job . one have wide knowledge , but one have specific knowledge . there be much more change that the boss will hire the first person . Conquestly , have broad knowledge of many academic subject can make people not only get good social life and develop their other skill , but also get good job . 	CHI
Can we say that successful people be the one willing to try risky possibility rather than run business as usual ? I would think so . there be , indeed , diffrent way to ` ` try new thing ' ' : launch a product that create a new demand almost from scratch , and add small change to the way a business be run as successful people would not necessarily have to make a ` ` revolution ' ' and bring slight change can sometimes be a challenging risk . first , let ' s consider meaningful change . when take a close look at the business world around us , there be no denial that many company leader have succeed in create very profitable product that have sometimes mean the start of a new story for their company . that ' s what happenend with Apple when Steve Jobs decide to lauch the iPOD . instead of merely stick to the core business of the company , which be sell Mac computer , this leader decide to take the risk and start a totally new product . and , indeed , he succeded , reach a point at which his product trigger a new way of listen to the music , therefore change some cultural habbits in the American society , then worldwide and create a new demand for his specific product . that have also be the approach of Starbucks , that change the way people drink their coffee : not any more in a caf , but walk in the street ! there be a huge risk for this success story at the begining , as it involve change people ' S habbits and way of life , but the risk be definitely worth it give the success of the company . secondly , we delve into detail in a different approach : the small change to a business model-but that can mean more , indeed when put into practice . it can also be a significant risk to change slight thing in appearance , but a very rewarding one . for example , Dell create a new way to make computer with customarized computer order piece by piece by the customer . that be very successful 	ARA
I agree with that statement , though i have to admit there be exception . nowadays , it seem to be all about themselves but nothing else for young people . they do not mind about the one in need because they be not even aware of such a thing call ` ` in need ' ' exist . their family spoil them to no end which leds the yoiuth to be unaware of whats go on in their community , let alone the world . the thing with the young people these day be that they be be brain wash by some industry and they be be victim of these industry . like the food industry . they create a new form of ideal for woman body and nearly all the young girl be concern about their weight more than anything else , this nonsence be what be take their mind of other thing . like help their community ! ! ! and this generation [ which i be a part of ] be very self center because what be expect from them be perfection . which , we all know be impossible to reach . so to reach that impossible goal of themselves , they give their full attention to theirselves . I know the thing i write down be a little bit off the topic , but think twice , they be somehow relate . youth be strive for an unrealistic goal , make them imperfect by the way of characteristic , just the oppose of what they be strive for . all in all i do agree that my generation be not give enough time and care to help the other / 	TUR
some people disagree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . however , I agree with the statement for the follow reason . first of all , a famous person who advertise product may make us misunderstand the product . for example , I buy a new car three year ago . because a new car be very high for me , I search a lot of car by use Internet and talk with salespeople . this search process continue for about five month . however , the most important factor to buy my car be the T.V. commercial that Ichiro , who be the most famous baseball player in Japan , advertise the car . I love him very much and if I buy the car , I would feel to be close to him . however , this decision result in failure since this car have a lot of problem . if Ichiro have not advertise this car , I would not have buy it . this experience definitely demonstrate that a famous person who advertise product may make us misunderstand the product . additionally , advertisement often emphasize on only merit of prodctus . for example , I buy a new computer last year . because his computer be advertise as the cheap and late machine , I decide to buy it very quickly . however , I find that the most of the software , such as ` ` word ' ' and ` ` excel ' ' , be not incorporate in it . generally speak , familiar software be incorporate in a computer in Japan . however , this advertisement do not express this weak point . if have have all of the information about the computer , I would not have buy it . this example clearly explain that advertisement often emphasize on only good point of product . in conclusion , I definitely agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	JPN
I ca n't agree with this opinion . think of my business experience , I feel we can lead the idea or concept from to learn the fact or the experience . so , to learn a lot of fact or experience on past be important . as first example , my company provide the seminar about the businnes process periodedly . this seminar be introduce the method and the process about the business that be relational with our industory . in this seminar , we use the presentation document . the concept be write in this document . after the seminar , we collect the questionare from the participant . they often say that ` ` Please introduce the example or the fact use the business method more ' ' . second , when we do the project , we explain the process to our team member . they ca n't understand how to do with only explanation of the concept . if we explain with to use exaple , they understand they should do sooner . for do ourselves , we need to know many example or fact . 	JPN
I do agree with the statement that ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . successful people usually come from many failure and risk and after overcome all this situation they gain success . so those people have a clear idea about how to tackle or overcome with risk and problem . the man or woman who be usually successful prefer gain more success from more new thing or the thing which he or she be unfamiliar with . and in order to try new thing they never hesitate , whereas , the man who be usually under a nonsuccess stage fear to try for new thing . there be many example which support the answer . for instance , in the consturction field people usually succeed in the field of consturcting huge building , dam , tower and flyover which be usually a risky factor at those day . because they have succeed in there field they be try for more new thing like go for more huge or enormous work which be also a bit kind of risky . because the consturction field people know a lot about there work and failure which they will meet in achieve thing they try to solve them in more logical manner or say in an planned order . not only in consturction field , we can go for other field like the most happening scientist field where they try only for new thing rather than go for the know one . scientist always think of invent about new thing . if they would have teach that they cant take risk in invent anything which we have now then we couldnt get many luxories and also disease prevent medicine for many hazardous disease which be usually harmful to human . when we go for new thing then only we get new thing in our day to day life which be become part of our daily life now-a-days and also daily routine . hence in this fast move world , successful people should try for new thing and should take the risk to become more success , rather than stick of only do what they already know how to do well . 	TEL
I think it be an interesting statement and in the follow sentence you will read my opinion about this . my private opinion be that it would be a great issue for the plant and human healthy when less car pollute the enviroment with gas and noise . also it be nessecary to build road through wood and field whrere many wild creature live and so their homeplaces be destroied . people can also go by train , bus and bycicles or by foot or drive together with other people in one car , instead of drive alone . I think change in get oil will force this behaviour . oil recources be decrease remarkable in the next twenty year and the price fot oil will increase strictly . so many car owner wont afford the high money for gas , because their income will stay the same . for the car industry and the job which be connect to it its a dramatic thing , because many people will loose their work place . when I think about all this it would be the good to make now plan what we should do with the problem . first we could build new possibility in transport people and find new way in explore other recources we have on earth , instead of oil . maybe it could be a possibility in twenty year for us to drive car with energy from water or sunlight . the car could have solar sstems on the roof . so the air would nont be pollute bz this way . this would be a great 	GER
nowadays , the majority of old people be frustated and isolate from society . old people have no life quality and numerous of people be say thate old people be only wait for the death . the contrary show young people who have a variety of possibility how to create their life and waht to do in their leisure time . this implication suggest that young people have a good life quality than old people . To proof this statement and conclude an opinion , existent fact have to be take into consideration and evaluate . many expert say that old people be not interested in take part of the society with a specific age . furthermore they enjoy live isolated and don ^ t want to be member of big community , they prefer their privacy . however more and more possibility for old people to create their life time be integrate in society . in addition , numerous old people with the age of over @card@ be still sporty and modern and not like many year ago , isolate and frustrate . the interest of old people and their activity in several community underline the fact , that there be interest but old people have to be support and motivate to join different club or activity . secondly , some people be convinved that mostly all old people be ill and have problem with habit they use to do when they be young . they believe that old person live with pain and be unable to create theit life without help . To a certain extend , there be some truth in it , but because of the constantanously innovation and the developement of research concern cancer and other illness old people have to deal with many year ago , specialist find many way how to enhance the life quality of old people , which can be see as a reason for the increase living expectation of human . To sum up , numerous of way be create how to make life more enjoyable for old people and the positive reaction of old people to different community and sporty activity , show that tey be enjoy theit life , although they be not able to do what ever thy want . it can not be say that young people enyoy their life more because it be always depend to your thinking . 	GER
I agree that most advertisement make product much well than they really be as i buy only the product that be see ad in tv . when the product be new to market they have to advertise it . if the product be launch without the ad now one know what be it and they donot buy either . advertisement be give for product and relase into the market atleast people recognise it . it may buy some people and if it be good they will use regularly . All the popular brand in the world be invest the one quarter of their money in the add . this show how much important for a product the to be launch . advertisement be not the new idea it have have be practise since the ancient time . in ancient time the ad be in the form of curve in the stone . To know wheather the product be good one be not only can say after use it only . Eventhough lot of campain do for the product if it be not so worthy the result will be no one afford to buy it . product itself have stuff otherwise no ad can do it promote its sale . for example my father have buyed Daewoo motor matiz car by see the ad later it have lot fault then my father tell his colleague that donot buy that one . the feedback fot that company be not good . one buy it as aresult it get flop in India . nowadays the advertisement be one of the good markests in the world . All the product hire the celebrity to be their brand . kid influence for it , if thier favourate star ad for it they will want to buy it . every field require ad to promote its product for example movie star campains before the prrmer to promote their movie , similarly the model be launch to popular brand of car , inauragation of mall ets . these create the hype of their product even such that some of them talk about their product . thus it show that their product reach the people . Wheather the product be good one be not only can say after use it on . lAll the above reason show that one can buy only when they know about the product this can be do by advertisement . 	TEL
I definitly agree with the idea that it be more important to learn fact than to understand idea and concept for student . there be 3 reason as follow to support my idea . for most of human being , the ability to learn fact be much strong than that of understanding idea and cencepts . fact equal specifiction and concept stand for abstruction . for an example , we may distinguish a hign value picture from a low value mainly by the whether it look like the real stuff or not . on the contrary , expert define the value of the painting by their color or some painting skill . we may not understand the essential thiings in Van Gogh ' s painting beacase we even not kown what he drawed on the paper . for another thing , it be easy for student learn thing from teacher than learn by oneself . that be the reason that teacher can make some specific example and fact to descibe the new concept which make student make sense easily . when it come to learn fact , we can not take into account the part-time job . why there be so many student like to take it when they be in school ? because it proive some interpersonal ability with them which be not learn from book or class . additionally , they learn thing with the joy of earn money . in spite of this , understand idea and cencepts be basic for student . such us some acdemic subject math , caculation , science , historyand social science , they be essential for student to learn something new . suppose a man can not read or writing or simple caculating abiliy he will learn nothing even he know quite a few of fact . at last , in my opinion , i thing understanding idea and conceprs be as important as learn fact . we may build up tow side abilitly at the same time . 	CHI
in our society student be confront with new knowledge in school , but the question of whether or not it be more important for them to unterstand idea and cencepts instead of learn the fact it be another matter . from my point of view it be very difficult to take side over the other in these argumentation because it seem to me that there be both advantage and also disadvantage . in the follow passage I will make my point of view clear . on the on hand , I think that it be in same subject important to unterstand the idea and the concept . in this context I can mention my own experience in my school time . I realize and unterstood Mathe just because I really learn the different way which I could choose to come to a solution . it be sometimes definitely hard to unterstand . however , it lead to a deep unterstanding in this area . another argument I can mention in this context be the history class i attend . history contribute so many fact of the past which be not essential to become an educate student . while there be positiv aspect for become aware of a good unterstanding of idea , I feel that it be in some subject not necessary to unterstand the whole background of the subject . sport for instance be a very theoretic lesson and the history be not important . consequently , my argumentation make clear that it depend on the topic if a teacher really should confront their student with all the information which be available or if he well focus just on the important and significant one . 	GER
some people say that nowdays young people do not have enaugh time to help their community , that because of the rithm of our life we , I be @card@ year old , do not have time to help poor people , to talk or to be with old people who feel alone , to make thing to help to reach the peace in some countryes or even in some family . . . it be true that our life have a very high rithm and that we do not have a lot of time to help our community , but that do not mean that we do not want to do it . some yeras ago young people do not do lot of thngs for their community , but the implication of the new generation in the project of help have increase a lot during the last year . we can see that there be more NPO ' S , no profit organization , and whose member or the people that calaborate with them do it totally free , with no maney retribution . the objective that these NPO ' s try to reach be really different . there be those who help poor people that do not have nothing to eat or those who help dependient drug people . there be also some corporation that help to preserve the environement , like Greenpeace , and those who help in general kid , like UNICEF . other try to help woman and other try to figth against the illegal prostitution . there be lot of organization that try to help our communitie and that be gowing in the number of activist To sum up , I will like to say that more an more young people be help other people , even if we do not have all the time we would like to have to do this activitie . but young people be try to find free time and spend it help other , what make us more human . 	SPA
I agree that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . I have three reason to support my answer . firstly , take risk be a way of find new chance . I think the big the risk be the big the chance you have . and to make that chance your own you willneed hard work and that will make you a strong person . secondly , take a risk and tring new thing can give you new perspective and can make you have a big knowlege that can help you to become more successful . for example for me to start cheerleade in my highschool be a big risk for me . becase I use to be very shy person and do not like to do thing in front of every one else , but for me to start cheer give me the courge to let myself out in front of the croud . the practice be very hard and that make me a strong person then I be before . thirdly , tring new thing give us an oprotunity to meet different people and know there thought . and give us new prospective . these be the reason I agree with this statement . 	JPN
it be undoubtedly true that in twenty year the number of circulate car will be strongly reduce . although many people may believe that this statement be simply ludicrous , it be possible to provide some good reason to support it . Two main aspect of this explanation be the consequence of the environmental problem cause by car and the problem cause by the constantly rise oil price . as everybody know , car produce toxic smoke that pollute the air in big city . for this reason many government and city administration be restrict the number of car that be allow to circulate in city centre . in the long term this will lead to a change in citizen ' S preferencies , i.e. they will prefer use public transportation to use their car because it will become simply too difficult to drive a car in a big city . To support this opinion I could quote a research study on this topic carry out at my university that show that people be become more and more unwilling to drive their car in big city . another point that could be make be that have a car be become more and more expensive . the first reason for this phenomenon be that oil price have become very prone to rise consistently at any threaten decrease in production . grassroots people have already many economical problem and this one will become too awkward for them . another thing that influence the cost of have a car be the fact that government be discourage car buy by impose taxis on some ecologically dangerous car . for example the Italian government be willing to pass a law that impose a tax on big car . these two reason give , itis not difficult to understand why I think that there will be few car in use in twenty year than 	ITA
in my opinion , young and old people enjoy life equally but in different way . be young or old have advantage but also disadvantage . first of all , when you be young , you do not have the same pleasure as you be old . on one hand , when you be young , you enjoy your life at the current moment . indeed , during your study , you prefer to go out with friend , to do sport , to discover new thing by travel . . . however , on the other hand , when you be old you enjoy different thing of the life . indeed , you want to get married , to have child , to buy a nice house , to go on hollidays with all your family , to succeed at work . . . secondly , responsabilities of a student be totally different compare to an old person . indeed , as a student , you do not have many reponsabilities because most of case , you do not have a child to take care of and you depend a little bit of your parent who help you financially . the main responsability of a student be to have good mark and to succeed in his study . when you be old , you have much more responsabilities . if you have a family you have to take care of by working , buy food , pay bill . . . have responsabilities as an adult enable them maybe to enjoy less life . however , have reponsabilities can be a good thing for some adult because thus they think they be usefull . finally , young people can enjoy less life than old people do because they generally have less money . if you be a student , it be more difficult for you to go on hollidays or to go regularly to the cinema . in most of case , student have to work and go to the university at the same time in order to pay their distraction and their university . contrary , old people do not have to work and study at the same time and generally they have a good salary . To conclude , when you be a student or when you be an adult , you enjoy life differently because their situation of the life be different 	FRE
successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well for many reason . first , try new thing give you an opportunity to learn more , for example , learn to drive can make you focus more and see more . in addition , you can be more experianced when you take the risk and try new thing , the more you try the more feeling that you get that you have no limitation in what you can do , the more experinced you get . let take the CEO ' S of the big company for example , if they do not try new thing and if they do not take risk , they definatlly would not be where they be now . third , try new thing and take risk make you more ready to solve problem . on the other hand , not have the gut to try new thing and take risk could concequence in beeing in the same position for a long time if not for ever , . Yuo will do your thing right , but you will do it for ever . in conclusion , dont limit your self , dont underestemait your self , go out there and try new thing and take the risk . 	ARA
I disagree wtih that to understand idea and concept be important for student . there be two reason ; step of study and correct idea . the first reason be that it be neccessay to learn basic knowlege for understanding idea and concept . if student be lack of basic knowlege , they can not understand all of it . for example , student in Japanese university primaly learn basic fact . then , they begin to study application one . it be derive the evidence during long educational history in Japan . so , it be important step of study for student . the second reason be that learn fact be essential for correct idea . it be doubt that student truely understand idea and concept unless learn fact . for instance , nutritional study , student do not know nutrient , they can not understand metabolism of their body , and can not find new idea and passway of body system . for these reason , I disagree with that to understand idea and concept be more important for student than to learn fact . 	JPN
unfortunately I have to agree with the statement that nowadays young people do not invest enough time to help their community . in my opinion a possible reason for this development might be the lack of a strong incentive for the young people to spend their precious free time on help the community instead of maybe hang out with their friend , play video game etc . as especially city grow to become more and more anonymous , young people do not see the reward of their work in the community as they would in a small one where everyone know each other and the youth would get more appreciation for their voluntary work . this be , of course , a misconception , because volunteer for a good cause be appreciate in both environment , it just may be not as obviously to the young people . so the question be : What do the youth do with the time that they once spend on help their community ? they spend it on activity that they simply find more pleasurable . in fact , this be a trend that we can detect in all layer of society and in all age , we do not need to search for this phenomenon among young people only . of course , it be more fun go to the cinema than help elderly member of the community . so what we need be incentive . we could get incentive from the parent , help their kid realize at a young age that it be important to take responsibility and help out in the community at least every once in a while , depend on the child . small activity do for the community may be more important and more value than one might think and every kind of work be strongly welcome and appreciate . the community itself must have a strong core in order to create network and to attract the young people through for example specific institution and activity only for the young . I say this , because I believe that only if the zoung people can identify themselves with their community , at least to a certain extent , will they be willing to become an active member and help by invest a bit of the work as well . 	GER
I agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . due to advancement in technological and financial market , access to money be easy . because of the excess liquidity in the current economy around the world many company be expand their business . there be a number of company that be produce same kind of product . they themselves know that it be extremely difficult to produce something different every now and then . but they all have realise one way of sell same product in different packaging to customer . advertisement ! ! now technically they know that they ca n't differentiate their own product from other product available in the market . Let ' s take an example of a car advertisement . it ' s an entry level car Hyundai Santro . they have Mr. Shahrukh Khan ( Popular Filmstar ) as their brand ambassador for India . in their advertisement it ' s show that Mr. Shahrukh go for a long drive with his girlfriend ( who be again a big filmstar ) . now everyone in the world know that Mr. Shahrukh send a BMW to pick up his kid from school and drive santro in the advertisement for first and the last time in his life . but people be fascinate by this and buy car just believe that if he use it it have to be a good car . have one myself , i know it be a good car but not because of the advertisement . they show that if you use this car then you may get good look girl freinds but actually it have nothing to do with the car . I think it be appropriate to discuss example of an advertisement of Bournvita . it be a drink for grow child . they claim in advertisement that if child drink this they will grow fast and healthy . now if that be the case then producer should be the rich person on planet earth . I agree with their claim regard content of the drink mix , Calorie content and presence of protein etc but I ca n't believe this increase in height part . Let ' s take another example for a telecom service provider . in it ' s advertisement they claim that they provide hassle free and customer oriented service in their outlet . I fall into the trap and take the connection . for the first time when I go to the outlet for a complaint I be leave there to wait for half an hour . eventually after have a verbal argument I take a pledge not to believe advertisement . I belive that to survive in this cut throat world company will always invent way to sell their product . advertisement be one of them . whatever you see on TV , you should not believe it as nothing in this world be as simple as it appear . 	HIN
young people be an intergral part of the communities/societies in which they live . they develop their skill and gain education from their people - their family , teacher , friend and other people in their society . I be a youngster myself believe that I have acquire the value and principle of my life from my community . we young generation owe our life to our elder , so we can not neglect them . we have learn to respect our elder and people in our society . therefore I would not like to agree with the statement that young people be not give enough time to their community . young people attend college study different discipline - science , commerce , humanity etc . but they participate in a lot of other activity outside their curriculum . there be numerous club and organization form by youngster that invlove themselves various kind of community activity like protect the environment by spread awareness among the people , fight for social evil like corruption etc . in my university itself there be several student society like these . for example , the Nature club , whose member spend their time to make people conscious about issue like noise pollution , harm of plastic etc . they express themselves by various mean like banner , conduct quiz and so on . similarly there be another club which raise its voice against many social problem prevalent in my country , for example dowry , female foeticide etc . I myself be a member of this organization and we organize various activite like trip to local neighborhood , stage street play to spread our message . another aspect that show the commitment of young people to their community be their increase interest in political issue . in my country , right from the college student compete for different position in the university politics and they have an important role in bring important national issue to discussion forum where student can discuss about possible solution to them . young people also contibute towards economic and technological development of their community by implement new idea . for example , they can use their education to help create new type of job by be entrepreneur . in this context I wouls like to add that many alumnus of my college who have now gain imp postions in society contribute by give donation to various social organization . I do agree that there be some youngster who forget their people in order to earn money , who leave their country for good life , but a large majority of them include me be determine to serve their community from where we start our life . 	HIN
Succes I agree with the statement ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' . I agree with this statement because if a person do only what they know how to do the good , they be not chalenging them self and become just like other , who dose not try their good , around you . To challenge and to explore and take risk will lead to a success . To me the meaning of success be to do more then you can do . To do more then what you be , you need to try new thing or even new way of try and take risk do it . Eventualy your efort will pay you back in many area . the success could be diffrent then how rich you be . the money dose not define success . I belive that the success be not just about make money but how to be diffrent from other people like how much you know and have exprinced . you may not be successful even after you try new thing and take risk . but the exprience you have and more knowlege you have then other make you successful . the success be in you . How much you have improve from befor show how much successful you be . when you succed on some thing that you think it be hard but you tryed and take risk of fail . that make you successful and well then other not becuse you more money and power then other . every body have diffrent situation and diffrent level of success . and if you succed in you the power and money will follow . Thouse poeple who try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well will succed no matter how much they have improve or how much rich you be . you be a still good then you use to be and do not stay in your confort zone . that be why I strongly agree with this statement . 	KOR
I think it be important for student to understand idea and concept to help them to learn fact . without the understanding of the concept and idea require , it will be difficult to catch the core of the passage or the thorey . of course , the fact will be useless when the main idea be not transport to the student . all of us have hear about the ` ` funny storey ' ' . these information we hear from other people be meaningless in most of moment , but why we will lough to tear and catch the meaning of the word instead of just understand the fact which mean nothing to you ? this be because the fact be like the lower-divison course which just lean the listener or the student to understand the surface of the word , yet more important information the ` ` funny story ' ' would like to send to the listener be the idea and concept , that be upper-division course , include under the surface of the story . I believe this be the key and most of us should be concern about . while the fact sometimes really improve our cupboard of the knowledge of the news we be not familiar with . but the fact be thst its useness be such a little part of the mean benefit we transport the information . we should deduce sometime , to croop the inside idea and concept to learn the fact much more clearly . without the understanding the core of the deliver information we even will mis-understand the meaning of the fact and never will get rid of the darkness of the mis-understanding . bewilder amount of student just read about the Time News to catch up the world and the camper . they hardly have the enthusiasm to dig a pool to summerise the mean idea of the situation they be face . it be indeed the polution of the information surround them . as the result of this , with the incompllicated understanding , they make comment to other , and they always indulge in this mistake . this be just like a ` ` hoax ' ' or deception . they think they will never plead ignorence to anything without know that they be make the countless mistake . and these mistake will overtake and ruin them some day . only because these student could not see what be behind the fact , idea and concept . 	CHI
although some may believe young people nowadays give plenty of time help out their community , I believe they do not . there be two main reason : their attitude and lack of time . first of all , young people nowadays do not have the attitude or motivation to help out their community as they believe it have no benefit on them . these young people believe they do not need to help out their community as they believe other people will do it instead of them or its simply a waste of time . I believe they do not understand the moral of help the community in need . furthermore , young people nowadays be a lot lazy than they use to be and so they lack the motive as they consider help the community will be ' ' work ' ' , and as we all know , young people tend to dislike work as it be not enjoyable . this motive be probably influence from school work which be more of a requirement rather than a choice . secondly , the fact the world be become more competitive and also a lot more interesting , youngster be become more involve in other activity and their study rather than contribute towards their community . these young people may have objective such as go to the good university or simply enjoy life by relax , and in my personal experience , I have never come across a young individual who actually want to give their time to help their community . as a result , as young people prefer to spend their time in a different way , there be very little that feel they should help out their community . in conclusion , as young people be not tempt to help the community as it be not enjoyable and the fact they have good , perhaps more important thing that must be do , young people nowadays do not give enough time nor effort to help their community . 	JPN
the discussion about the success of people accord to the risk level of their doing should be splitted into two part . One the one hand be people , which try new thing and take risk to fullfil their target . on the other hand be people , which do what they already know to do well . such two different type how to handle with risk will reach the final success . people have different kind of meaning about their own apility of risk . if I think about such difference , I will talk about two friend of mine . the one boy be about @card@ year old . he reach one of the good school examination with a grade of @card@ during his school periode . he begin study law and finish university after less than the regular studing time of 4 year with a very good grade . his first contact with the economic or in gereral with business have take place for him with @card@ year in a big company as an assistante for law specific question for consoulting contract . he be very resistent against risk , maybe because of his first contact with the business world . he have be in such office and position for almost 9 year without a lot of experience , but also without try any high risk , than go home early then @card@ minute before the regular business closing time . my second example be a boy , who be @card@ year old . he finish school with a grad around @card@ , which hab be the middlefield in his final examination year . he start an own business idea after his examination . his business be about the offering of it solution for small and middle sized company . in the time of the new market economy a lot of company use the consoulting work of his company . he have have a lot of fix costumer , which need his help regularly . during such periode he have have the idea to export the concept to other country , which he start in @card@ with Austria . bank help him to fullfil such target by offer a lot of money . after two year he have have 4 office outside Germany and a sum of @card@ Euros as a negative deposit on the bank . the concept fail by the crash of the new market and he lose all the life standart almost in 2 month and will not be able to pay the whole deposit to the bank in his life time . as a conclusion of my two example , the level of risk can not be argue by the level of school education , mean the final examination grade , and the university status . moreover people with a ability to try risk , will have a fast success and will be stay there , if they control themselves regularly . the risk of fall down , because of uncontrolled mistake be more realistic in comparision to the risk resident people . however , every human beeing have to know for themselves which goal and objective he or she want to reach and how fast to get there . in adition such factor will bring the level of risk ability and the success . 	GER
I agree this statemen . successful people try new thing because they want to get new degree . there be several reason for this . all people who have alot of achievement do n't satisfied to try new thing . as their ambitious force them a new achievement , they want to learn new thing even if it be risky . they consider take a risk about one different thing they do n't know before about it because this kind of people do n't like monotone life . in my opinion , this kife be good than the other . try to new thing add to our life numerous new concept . for example , I like play soccer . when I be in my country , I play soccer every weekend . after for a while , I bore to play soccer . I want to change someting in my life style . before I come us , I do n't know about American football . now I be learn about it . I also like it , I learn several new rule about sport , so it encourage me to play it . the other example about risky . I have take phd education for two year in my country . I want to change my education place even if it have many riskies . these be spend alot of money , pass the toefl exam , and complete a new phd education in US . they did't know how much money I spend before . I also did't know whether or not I will pass the toelf an complete a new education . I take i people who be successful develope theirselves by try new thing . they create new method to do something , so they help them to try new thing . now , we assume that a student who prepare for toefl . he developes new study method , so he find good solution for study . then , he can use the method for the other exam such as gre . every person who have alot of success try to new thing because of yheir life style . they do n't like do someting they already know . their have a kind of sense , so it push them to learn new thing . 	TUR
it be more important for the student to understand the idea and concept rather than to learn fact which be once state by the people itself . fact be nothing but inference draw after experience and research on those issue by the people who be once student . once the concept and idea base on a particular issue be know by the student than the fact can obviously be draw in the end . it be a fact that Sun only rise in the east and set in the west . this fact if be just agree by the people blindly than the world today would have be different . it be also a fact that an apple when throw upwards always fall down . if this fact be also accept blindly than Isaac Newton would have not know to the world . there be enough fact that have be know by the present world . To draw more fact the student first need to study a particular topic , do research in that area and understand the basic idea and concept behind that area . it be only than that new fact could be state . fact be just a single line statement that can be learn by anyone . in order to reach a postion it be for a student to learn the concept . 	TEL
an increase number of student realize that it be more important for them to understand idea and concept , unfortunately , there be a grow opposition among the other student , who maintain that learn fact be the most factor in their study . however , in the final analysis , I conclude that the former one do make sense . in the follow discussion , I would like to present some point to support my statement . in the first place , the key point for my view be that understand idea and concept , undoubtly , which allow the student to cultivate their ability of self-study be play the most role in their study . actually , the final aim of the student study in the university be to promote their sense of think independence . for exam , in their beginning study , they need a teacher to guide them . but in their future study , they must deal with the problem by themselves . of course , they need to practice their capability to solve the problem when they understand idea and concept in class . in addition , the student can understand idea and concept by themselves to check out what they have learnd in the class . it be benefit for them to build up their self-confidencial . furthermore , it be the good way to supervise the student . if they ca n't understand and concept , they would fail the exam at last . give the reason above , which sometimes intertwine to form a organic whole and thus become more persuasive , and we can arrive at the conclusion that inspire the student to master the ability of understand idea and concept in the class must be undertake by the teacher . only by this way can we implement the qutity-education ; only by this way can we enhance the self-confidence of the student and only by this way can we supervise student ' study in an efficient way . 	CHI
probably in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be now . today in particulary in Italy there be a very big problem about traffic , smog , parking , because the mostly of the people have a car . in fact in a normal family there be minimum one car for each , while in a rich family you can find also more car than the person , who stay in the family . in nowdays you can have and drive a car when you be fortheen , the youth don-t drive any more motorcicle , a little special car . for these reason in many city you could-t drive all day of week , for exsample on Monday in bologna from 8.30a.m . to 6.30p.m . it-s not apermitted to drive . It-s a very huge problem also drive in particulary time , because you spend a lot of time in traffic jum , for exsample when you go to work , and maybe after a long time spend in your car you have to spend more time leave it , because you don-t find parking . I hope for all these reason , that in twenty year everything will change . perhaps in the futere in each town there will be a metro station a good train and bus station , so all the people can may use not their car but the pubblic trasports . in the big city there be now a pubblic trasport , but every often be not 	ITA
although my job be a kind of advertiser , I have to say , yes , this problem happen daily . it ' S not difficult for us to find some shampoo advertising on the TV , after use that brand of shampoo , your hair become , woo , shine , beauty and fantasic . Unfortune , when I use that brand , the magic do n't happen to me . for lot of reason , advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . first important reason be , when the client believe the advertisement , the will buy the the produce . the producer can earn much more money than before . a little over than fact , nothing big deal . then , lack of manage from the goverment . some medical and food advertisement , the effect be different from the advertising , the end-user canl be hurt or even dead . but some product have n't be challenge yet , still producting without the goverment ' S control . as a person work on advertising , I know this situation need to be change . with my workmate , we always try to persude our clients-the producer to accept the advertising concept ` ` the advertisement , the real fact ' ' . we can believe , with the more goverment ' S and all people ' S support , no one buy these product , no benifits , the problem can be sloved . 	CHI
I think that both life be so much different from each other . young people live in a completly different world . and the idea of ` ` enjoy life ' ' that old people have , most of the time be not even close to what young people consider ` ` Enjoying life ' ' all depend on what be your own idea of live the life , for some poeple no matter young or old , the idea of ` ` Enjoying the life ' ' can be party all the time , on the other hand for other people it can be , raise a family . the difference between a young person and an old person be so big . those two different group have different style of living ; and even in those group there be many different sub-groups . these difference be base on what you believe or think . sometimes the defferences between a young guy and an old person might be few . Let ' s just say that the life of a young person go around his college , his friend , party , and basicly do what they do , they would n't be able to do no long when they grow up . and in my opinion the old people ' S life go around have peace , and most of the time around family . we all know there be young and old people who do not enjoy their life at all , they have a pretty much boring life . we all know that young people be always get in trouble , they be always have issue and complain about evertything . but now if we just stop a moment and think for a second , what move old people ' S life in my opinion be young people ' S life . just like cop , in most part of their job they have to deal with teenager . and who be always there to get us out of trouble ? yes , old people . as a conclution I can , say that both young and old poeple can enjoy their life . as a young guy , my idea of enjoy the life be : study , party , and basicly hang out with friend . but also I know old people who share my idea of enjoy the life . I jus trutly believe that my time to enjoy the life in some way be now , after this will come a different style to enjoy my life . 	SPA
I believe that one that want to be succesful and that want to achieve many goal be the one that try new way , idea , and thing in life . without try or experience new way , one will not learn or be successful in life , because one will not have the ability to achieve new thing , and technology would n't have be so great as it be now a day . for example , without scientist we would n't have way to study , and experiment to learn about in school . scientist would n't have learn and invent all those theory without try and experiment . another example would be if one want to achieve good business , one would n't achieve it without try new way and idea to make his business grow big and good . another reason for this statement would be that without experience and try new thing , technology would n't have be as great as it it these day , and people would just be do thing they be use to , and would n't have the chance to experience new thing in life . Technology be get big and well everyday , with the help of scientist and all other people that try to make new thing and more developed thing from thing that be nothing . I completely agree with the statement , because as i say above without experience , try , and learnig . nothing would have be invent , learn , or use now a day , and people would just be do what they be use 	ARA
travel be anice thing . the peaple travel be in group be will be very nice and they will spend anice time . I agree with that . for three resolte , first : the travel with group lead will know for a new peaple . Sacend : the travel with the group can visit many plaece . last : the peaple with you in the group be friend . the travil with group lead very peaterby any thing . the travel with group lead will know for a new peaple . if the peaple travel with the group can knaw alot of information about the anther peaple . they will knaw about the languege and some information about the the anther contrey . the travel with the group can visit many please . if the travel with the group can visit alof of please with the peaple to make afun and enjoy in alot of time . travel with group can enjoy in the time with anther peaple . they will enjoy to shopping with anther peaple and make nice tem in this group . the peaple with you in the group can be a frind . in this group can make alot of frindship . this frendship will be from anther cantruy and can know a lot of information about many contury . so , will have a frind from all would . the travil with group be vaery nice and good . the travel with group can be peater and can know alot of informaition about many contruy . with the group can visit many please with alot of peaple . if you travel with group can make a nationanlte frind . in my opinion the good way to trevel be in a group lead by a tour guide . 	ARA
I gree that the most adverxistment make product seem mach good than they really be or follow reaseons . first i believe that the advertisement be the good way for trader to show there product and service . I dis agree sime time if the advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . because some poeple will buy this product and they will know that this product be not useful as they think . the big market make this advertisment to get more many and to make the market famous . finally , many poeple I think its market cheap sale because small , but this not true . society I like go shopping in any way and sale not expensave . news support imagnation and develop brain , so I hear agood repeate about this decrame . 	ARA
I agree with the follow statement because as the number of car be too many nowadays , people be look for some new way in order to decrease the bad consequence of the car industry and as a result decrease the number of car . first let ' s talk about the bad consequence of the car industry . as the number of car increase day by day this increase lead to traffic problem . one have to spend at least one hour in order to reach his destination . this create a stress in the person and eventually the person get more agressive towards everything . as a result the person get unhappy and his efficiency for work decrases by half each day . try to imagine this situation happen to the most member of the sociey ! the second problem be the car accident , each day we hear about car accident just because of people not obey the traffic rule and kill each other . imagine also the physcological effect of all these accident on the society . the third problem be the air polution . becase nowadays there be too many car all around , this create a problem of pollution . Espeacially in the big city , it be a very usual thing to smell the gas get out of the car which be very unhealthy of course . so as a result of all these problem that be mention in the previous paragraph , people be look for some new way in order to increase the efficiency of transportation and as a result decrease the bad effect of the car industry . in each country people be try to develop their railroad . by the help of this , traffic can be avoid and people can reach to the place that they want to in a short time . this will avoid the stress in people and they can peacefully travel . also in some country people be encourage to use bicycle which accord to my mind be a very efficient way . because it help relieve stress and also it be healthy for one ' S body . as a result as the number of car and it ' S effect be become more and more disturbing for the people , they be look for new way in order to solve this problem . by the help of railroad and by the help of bicycle road people will eventually stop use car and as a result in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . 	TUR
I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . from my point of view it be very important to have people within a society who try to do new thing . this be especially important when it come to innovation . up to now there would not be any automobile or plain if people do not try to do new thing allthough these thing be connect to high risk . on the one hand society need invention but on the other hand you need to have a look at the risk aswell . regard Albert Einstein and his invention everybody would agree that he create huge value for our society . on the other hand the question must be raise if nuclear weapon exist today if he would not have be that innovative . as most people be part or member of a community or a company , I would like to focus my answer to the strategic management of a company within a highly competitive market . from my point of view the only possibility to be successful and to create sustainability be to be innovative and to have innovative employee . of course there be a few company stay in the market by focus on their key competence and by ` ` do what they already know how to do well ' ' but to become ` ` successful ' ' as mention in the question you have to be innovative . of course one could say that a company focus on only one well know activity do not have any risk but from my point of view the risk be to get kick out of the market by another very innovative company . there be a famous statement refer to the strategic management of a company and its employee which can be use for all other people as well : ` ` often it be more important to do the right thing than to do thing right ' ' . I draw the conclusion that people try new thing be successful allthough they must be aware of the risk . 	GER
in my opinion it be good to specialize in a specific subject or area instead have a broad knowledge of many academic subject , although it can be argue that a general education be also necessary . most obviously the goal of all academic education be to ultimatly give us specific knowledge and educate us in a particular area or subject . it be the reason why we go to University after secondary school . be a professional and know one subject thoroughly give us many advantage on the job market by give us appeal to customer , client and future employer . after complete my undergraduate study I plan to get a master ' s degree in law and study one specific area of the law . in today ' S market , professional be get more and more specialized because there be so many change , and so many topic and subject to study . when a client be have a divorce they will not go to a surgeon or a a coporate lawyer , they will go to a lawyer who specialize in matrimonial action , because he be more likely to help him , after seing so many client in the same situation . further it be not time sensitive to cover many academic subject and know them all . some people have more than one degree and spend their life study and go to one school after another . they know about economic , finance or banking but it be not possible to know them all very well . in addition it can cost a lot to study so many subject and at the end not be able to compete with one person who spend less time in school but only know one subject . finally it be impossible to learn many subject and know them all well . it be a sign of lack of stability and indecision . some student spend their College year change from one major to another and they can never decide which one to study . so they end up spend year in School and get discourage by the time to graduate and quit school in sum specialize in one subject be the good choice for me , although I would also like to learn about other complementary discipline like language sport and art and be able to exchange intelectually with other people . 	FRE
I agree with the statement , because when the student understand the idea and concept with clear example in class more information the student retaint in time , and then the student can use this idea and concept in the near future and in the far future . I think this because I use this principle all time during my studing life , and in my profesional life , in fact many time I use information adquired in my first year of university in special topic of biology and chemestry , matter that I not use normally in my work . another point be when a student understand idea and concept , the studet can use this idea and concept in relation with other , to understad new know , or make theory about unknow topic , and this be very important in the creation of new concept or the developmewnt of the science and ingeniery . be more , be the base of the evolution of the society , when more idea or concept understand the studen good development have in the study and in the futre work . for another hand , if the student learn fact be more difficult to the student make relationship between different fact , because be possibilite they don-t have a clear relation , and normally to find a relationship between fact be necesarie idea and concetp to help to find the relation . 	SPA
I agree and disagree at the same time . some of these product be good and some of them be no good . for example car . most of car advert be really so nice and good . half of these car I do not like . like Korean car and French car . they do not live long . when drive them you do not have a lot of control in case of any dengoures thing happen . and most importantly they be too expensive to buy one of these car . in the other half there be German and America car . I love drive one of these type of car . they have a lot of nice option . a lot of computer that involve . in the high way you can go as fast as you can and you have almost a total control of it ( I write almost becuse nothing be totally a hundred persent ) . One thing I want to montion that most of the German car be too expensive . so the advertisment for these car be worth it and truthful . let us see some other product that advertisement make them look good on TV than the real life . and that be food . I like most kind of food . from cold food to hot food . wither it be spicey or not I do not care . I will eat it . I like Italian food . I be in love with Chineas food . I do not mind Mixecan food . I mentiond that becuse if I see a comercail on a TV about any type of food or a big picure of a hamburger on the wall that say come and taste it . I have to try it then I deside weather the advertisement of this type of food be good or not . in the end Advertissing aggences be really smart do what they do . 	ARA
I think , the main point of invent be curiosity . I absolutaly agree with this statement . succesful people try new thing and take risk rather tahn only ding what they already know how to do well . there be many charecteristics that make a person successful . Tenecity and intellenge be only two of these . f ? rstly , if a person have tenacity , he/she never give up , never accept ` no ' for an answer . He/she study hard to succeed his/her goal . he be curious about his target . he do his good to achieve his goal for this target . he be so willing to learn new information and make new invention . for example , one of the great genious of our world be Einstein . he be a big inventor . and we be still use his theory in our class . I think he gather his ambition , intellegence and tenecity and form a person who will not be forget at any time of the world . secondly , intellegence be a vey important factor that make a person successful . if a person be intellegent , He/she can understand the problem easyly and do his/her well to cope with it . if people in our world do not be curious about new invention , nothing could be find . for example , tecnology can not be improve widely , beneficial investigation about our era ' S diseas cancer can not be find . these be all beneficial to human being . To sum up , nothing can be do without risk anything . the world be improve rapidly . people must always learn something to cope with these change . they mustnot be frighten of the new improvement and new tecnology . also , they must think ` what must I do to improve myself ' instead of do well what they already know . they have to do this not only for theirselves , also for the beneficial of all people around world . 	TUR
I agree with the statement that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be to merely learn fact . the follow point can be reasonably make to support the above statment . To begin with , understand of idea and concept enable one to really appreciate the mechanic of it and to possibly put the idea or concept into application . take the example of an electric motor . without proper understanding of how an electric motor really work , it be impossible for one to create motor of various size and for various utility . if one mearly learn the fact about a motor , we would n't have all the pleasure in life make possible by all the miniature motor ! look at the car power window , whose operation be facilitate by small motor , or at many of useful the robot whose motion be make possible by various sizes/types of motor , or at many of the precision tool that use something call stepper motor to precisely control various operation . further , understand of a concept enable one to look for way the concept can be extend to other application , or to find way two or more concept can be combine to come up with new idea that make exciting thing possible . take the example of a device that scan printed material and convert it into type matter on a computer . this device be the result of a lot of different concept put together . the scan technology - which scan the printed material , which be then combine with pattern match technology - that can look at the scan picture and recognize the letter base on their shape . simple learning of fact do n't really allow for this kind of innovation . however , no one can deny the role fact play in help people visualize thing and in put thing in perspective . take for example the Saturn rocket that take man to the moon . unless one know the size of the rocket , the amoount of fuel use , how many invention be require to make the flight possible , one may not really appreciate the scale of the device and the project . but one can still see that the fact help one gain a perspective of thing , but the really usefulness come only when one understand the concept that make it possible for the device to work . in summary , it be clear that it be far more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn just fact , despite the important role play by the fact . 	TEL
successful people have different way and strategy to be unique and successful among the other . the main way of successful be either , by take the risk or by do and apply what they already know or plan for . the two type of people might consider different factor in their living environment that will guide them to the good succeed path or way . people who like to take risk , their surround evironment force them or encourage them to take the risk . their environment might be poor , tough , or have a lot of shortage so this will let them search for new and creative way to satisfy their need , and these way mostly risky because no one have ever try their way before . an example for this , be the inventor case . inventor taked the risk to try risky or unfamiliar procedure to come up with a unique , new usaable invention that turn their life into the sucessful life . another example be a company owner , who will take a risky decision to solve an wanted or sudden market condition . people who like to do what they plan for , be usually have a stable life and environment . they go through regular path as any one else , but they do more effort and plan wisely to achieve their predetermine goal . most of people from this type do not like to take risk before make an intensive analysis for all the consecutive result for take any risk . as a result they will end up with not change their plan . an example of this , be people who do not like to change their career . or the people who take the same path as their father or mother , for example be a doctor or professor in the college same as their parent . in my opinion I like to do what I already plan for , with out take the risk . because it be more safe for my career and social position , also I do not have the strong ability to find alternative solution in case of failure of any risky action . more over it be more convenient for me to live in the same pattern through my life with a reasonable improvement same as the average people . I also strongly consider my stable life that do not force me to take any risk . 	ARA
people think that it be smart that you know everything . however , human ' S ability be limit . sometimes you need to be concern about what you be really capable of . some people do well on one specific subject some people on another , so i think that it be very good to have broad knowledge but not all the time . when you really think about it , if we specialize in one specific subject we would have more time to do it , and also we ' re more expert in it . when we focus on one thing , we could spend more time on it than when with the other thing so interrupt . it ' S like that . people do not have two seperate spirit . once we be interrupt , we might lose the important part that we have be focus on . it would be too hard for normal people . secondly when we specialize in a specific subject , we have more attention on it . we would n't be confuse with two thing . that way we remember more information from that thing we study . lastly there be always something that we ' re good with and not food with . for example maybe i ' m really good at play tenis but once it go on the table like ping-pong i totally mess up , because it be natrual . I be bear this way . people ca n't force me to do it , because that do n't do any good either . be an expert on one specific thing make life less confusing . however , I ' m not say those smart guy who know everything be n't smart enough to make lifeeasier . it ' S just i like it 	CHI
let me introduce first . I be from Japan and have grow up there . I totally agree with that Yong people recently do not give enough time to help their community . the some reason why young people do not be that in Japanese society , there be more interest , such as play video game and interuption like busy for study . or the young people tend to not have any interest to other . most of elderly people say ` ` a long time ago of young people have sufficient time for help their community . ' ' however , time be always change , therefore , youth do not want to help or not like their community at all . even if their parent may be not care of those community , so they might not to push their son or daughter go to community . on the other hand , because Japanese be study so hard than playing , and some of youth have to focus on study instead of help the community , so they do not have time to go community . not only Japanese study so hard , but also do Asian study very hard if we compare between Asia and North America . Americans may have enough time to help their community because I see young American by use my eye . also , I hear from my friend who be Americans that Japanese be study hard than Americans . it mean that Japanese do not have time to help their community . in Japan , there be one of the bad boom for young people . we call the boom : ` ` Hikikomori Phenominon . ' ' Young Japanese ( young adult too ! ) tend to stay at their house , especirooms , and spend time there in a whole day . it mean that they do not have any interest outside of the world . they never work for job , go to school , and never go out . in conclusion , the reason why in recent year young people do not have time to spend be change period , busy for study , and bad phenominon . 	JPN
there be two way for training to work and to live . One of these be speecializing in one specific subject , the other be study in order to have a broad knowledge . in my opinion each of these way have some advantagesand some disadvantage , but the second be the good . as regard the first possibilty , that be have a specific knowledge , I think that the most important advantage be that who have a specific education , have a high possibility to find a job , a well rewarding job , in the field where he or she study in depht . indeed , nowadays , firm and company , look for people who can give a sensible help to the firm . student well prepare be a competitive factor that allow firm to gather much money . on another hand , people or student who have a wide range of interest , who study different subject , have the possibility to use the information they gather during their training in order to create a good social life . moreover I think that these people be more flexible in change their work during their life . for these reasonss , even if at first view , the first kind of knowledge could seem well , I think that , expecially in the liong time , for example during the whole life , the second kind of knoledge be more useful for people . I think so , because I choose to study a subjet in depht , that be management engineering , and I study this subject in depht for make myself more competitive that the other student in the world of job . Whene I have some free time I prefer not to spend it in read because I ' m very tired for my work at university . but when I meet people studing something different from economical , mechanical or industial subject , and I talk with them about something they have discuss in class or they have read in a magazine I alway feel that I ' m incomplete , my education be incomplete , because even if I ' m clever I have n't the basic information to say my opinion about the topic . so I think that everyone should be spend part of the day to read magazine , journal and so on in order to have a rewarding life . 	ITA
nowadays student have lose their interest on the procedence of idea and concept . as time go on , there be few student interested in answer question such as ` ` How Newton ' S law be conceive and what be its mathematical basis ? ' ' or ` ` how steel be first create from its natural constituent ? ' ' student be loose that curiosity in how fact be conceive due to lack of interest in thing they think already exist and do not need to be study again by them because it be already clarify century ago by someone else . Insteed they rather learn and understand the final result obtain year ago , which have be put under evaluation several time through all these year . To explain further this point , let us take a look at the two example mention at the beginning of this essay : Newton ' S law . back in Isaac Newton ' s time it surely be surely important to prove his second law of motion by measure the time a body last in free fall motion frorm a determine height . nowadays student do not care for prove this theory by implement their own experiment : they rather study the formula develop by Newton and apply it in a physics problem with only one purpose : to get a good degree at the end of the course . now let us take a look at the second example : the manufacture of steel . there be a big theory on this field and research be still carry out on it . many culture be involve in the early year or the iron era , and a lot of experiment be carry out to study how iron react with air to produce steel : many manufacturing thecniques be study to come with the idea of use high temperature furnace to produce steel . this last result be the one that matter for student ; they be only interested in understand how steel be form in a chemical reaction in order to get a good grade once again . they do not care on prove themselves that steel can be manufacture in such way . the reason why student act this way have already be mention : they be tell to wory only about a degree , and they be not allow to let the mind think about what they really like . it would be good if student be allow to study what they really like . in this way , a student who really like chemistry and physic will be surely wonder about the fact , while a student who want to develop an artistic talent such as painting , do not have to worry about thing he do not really care . 	SPA
I agree with this statement . in my opinion being successul require you to be uncommon . you need to have some unique quality in order to be recognise and acknowledge by public . repeat the same thing you in which you have acquire perfection might earn you attractive result initially but in the long run they be n't much fruitful . the competion in all field of life be very tough these day . so to overtake other you need to possess some distinguish charecteristics . work on a same project again and again be not go to solve your purpose . because gradually other people also acquire mastery over them and may even surpass you . though try to do new thing , say , for example start a new business may ultimately turn out to be a disaster and in that context the other view appear to be more appropriate but as we all know ` failure be the step stone to success ' . history be full of instance that support the idea of endeavour new thing . One common example be of scientist . its well know that only those who have try to innovate have be able to register their name in the book and be remember even after hundred of year . What if Einstein have accept the already run theory ? the concept of relativity would have never arise and of course Einstein could n't have be able to get the noble prise . there be numerous other example of various leader , businessman , researcher who become successful only because they try to introduce new concept . To name a few , Mahatma Gandhi who pioneer Indian freedom movement , businessman like Bill Gates who intoduced window and revolutionise the computer industry and now he stand as the rich man on earth . so base on above mention example and fact i be of the opinion that only those succeed who do new thing and take risk 	HIN
people who take risk be more likely to receive benefit from their action rather than people that simply do n't act . this be not only a logical assumption but it be also support by evidence which be true at global scale . some of the rich people in the world be ordinary people with very good idea . an example for that be Bill Gates . instead of improve existing tool , he decide to project and invent a new instrument , the personal computer , which will cause a revolution in work and entertainment activity . he risk to waste many year of work on something uncertain that could just be a failure . it be now clear that he have employ his time in a very fruitful manner and that he will be remember as a genius . on the other hand , some people succeed in export good idea to other country with different cultural background . a good example be Starbucks coffee which be now sell all over the world and even in China . it must have be a very controversial decision to take for the manager . but , although the Chinese society be traditionally use to tea instead of coffee , now many Chinese young people drink Starbucks coffee to identifiy with American model . on small scale we all can experiment that if we take some risk we will have more chance to fulfill our desire and be more happy . for example , you can decide to go and study in the United States . at the beginning it will be difficult because of the language constraint and the distance from family and friend . but if you hold on and overcome difficulty you will get a valuable degree from an excellent university that will allow you to access to good job and income opportunity . in conclusion , I think it be always worthy to try new thing and take risk . we need to remember that we be give only one opportunity in this world and we should do our good to be happy and make other people happy . 	ITA
nowadays , car be major mean of transport . they have be use for over @card@ year . somehow , people be now addict to car . it have become an essential thing in our everyday life . besides , it ' S unlikely that people get rid of that mean of transport . there be always something new to learn , to discover . car might be technologically advanced in twenty year , but i hardly think there will be few car in use . in saudi arabia , people tend to use more and more car , as every single family have , in average , 2 car . actually , car need maintenance , energy , fuel . the only reason that could lead to the decrease use of car be the unsuffiecient quantity of petroleum . as we all know , that ressource be limit on the earth , and we could run out of fuel in @card@ year . however , the human being be know to be solution finder : we could probably invent new car that work on another energy , for example the sun energy . actually , some of these car be be test all over the world . that suggest the fact that there be always a solution for every problem . in my opinion , i think car be very useful , even though they make air pollution . it have serve the man for century . but , eventually , if there be no more petroleum , car be useless . that natural factor could be the major reason of the usingless of that mean of transport . in conclusion , that statemnet be wrong if there be not that natural factor that stop us from provide energy to make our car work . 	ARA
the answer to this question depend of the situation that a particular person be at a time . in the case that the person do not know the city or place that be be visit , I would recomend to contract a tour guide and do it in a group because he be go to take you to the most important place in a quick , safe and with all the explanation need to know the place that you be visit , and also you can enjoy the company of other people , give you the oportunity to meet and share experience . One of the most important thing when you be travel be to see the culture of the place , for example the food , dance , festival , etc. and I think that a tour guide can help you to accomplish this goal , also the tour guide can give you historical information about the place which be very important when try to understand the way the resident of the region visit behave . on the other hand I think that if you have be before in the region and specially if you have be there for a couple time , hire a tour giude be a waste of money and time , because this kind of service be usually expensive and you can use that money in something more productive in you trip , also the tour guide be go to take you to place where you have already be . instead of that you can use that time to visit new place of the region , do something different than your last visit . so the conclusion for this be that it depend base on you previos experience on visit the region . I will absolutly recomend so in the case that it be you first time , but if you have be before I do not see any reason to take a tour . 	SPA
there be many different reason that make me think that in the twenty year to come , we wo n't use car as much as we do today . on one hand , we do have to remember that most car need gas to go ahead . and gas come from oil , whose quantity on our planet be definitely not endless . as it be get harder and harder , and so more and more expensive to extract oil , the price of all of its associated product will increase so much that we wo n't be able to afford them in a close future . therefore , unless we find out other source of energy as efficient as gas , we should enjoy drive as long as we still can fuel our car and before it turn into a luxury ! on the other hand , use gasoline as a fuel for our car contribute to pollute the environment . we be likely to get into trouble very soon if we do not stop pollute so much and each of us have to take his responsabilities in this major issue . as a matter of fact , we be talk here of the Mankind ' S survival ! we need to be more sensible , at for our child ! thus I hope we will be wise enough to reduce our pollution and prevent our child die from asthma ! therefore , the t 	FRE
I agree with that , it be more important for studets to understand idea and cocept thanit be for them to learn fact . I believe in this because I think the idea and the concept of anything be more important than the fact especially in some subject like technology , philosphy , mathmetics , becaues here you have to analys the fact use the idea and the conepts . so that the indeas and the concept be important to understand and analys the fact it self . first , most of the subject that we be studing in the school be base on fact , but our understanding for this subject will not complete if we do n't know the concept and the idea about this fact . for instance if we be studing acourse about the structure of the air plane , here we be study the fact of the air plan , but if we also study the idea why we be use this material or put this thing in this place this will give us have a wide view about the mechanisme how we could make the air plane fly with the most perfict and efficiant way . for exampl we use the Aluminium instead of Iron to make the skeleton of the air palne because it be light . this be an important concept we should know it about the structure of air plane , second the idea and the concept be more important than the fact in analyse the mathematical problem . if we want to solive any problem we have to know the idea and the concept of this problem . if we only know the fact we will never reach the solution . because in mathemathic we depend on the fact as well as on the idea and the concept to analyis these fact . finally , concept and idea be important in our life philosphy . Philosphy of life be depend on fact . but we need to understant the concept of this fact . for exampl , there be a fact in our life be that every one of us should get married , but we have to understand the concept and the idea of marrige . here the concept be more important because we should get marry not just becuse it be a natural desire but because the human bieng be a social animal and must live with a partner and have a child in order to be happy . 	ARA
as i be a advanture liking person , i do not agree this statement . to enjoy any tour that must be in group but that need not to be guide by any guide . reason for my this thinking be as follow : firstly , guide be a professional person . his aim will be only one and that be to make his coustmer go arround the each of the visit point without give the time to enjoy that place fully . if we all friend together can make our own way by our own . secondly , without a guide you can travel by your own convenience . for example , last month i be go to a tour for Bombay ( boolywood city ) , Lonavalla and Khandala ( tourist place ) with my collage friend . these place be very beautiful and full of natural scence . over there we have hire a guide to take us to different place . that guide round all the place within one and a half hour . many place be there to which he show us from a long distance . I and my friend request him to spend fraction of time over every place , , but unfortunatly he doesnot allow . our bad luck . but for another example , last year me with my relative go to the tour without the guide . the place be definatly unknown to us . but by our own afforts we reach to that so i donot prefer to have a guied on tour . 	HIN
car be use as the primary form of personal transportation all across the world today . Twenty year down the line , they will continue to do so . the population be increase day by day , and there seem to be no sign of the population growth slow down . high population figure imply more poeple need personal transportation , and with exist technology , the car be the good answer to that . there be a need for transportation , there be a proven technology which be not only currenlty popular , but also develop day by day - ` ` Cars ' ' would thus continue to grow , even twenty year down the line . fossil fuel , the primary source of energy for ` car ' be more than abundant over the next twenty year , and with the abundant energy source , the demand for car would not reduce . hybrid technology to drive car with more fuel effecient and less pollute fuel would give a boost to the car industry and people would have one more reason to buy a car . other advancement in technology , especially in safety and drive quality would also fuel the demand for transportation . this would only help put more car on the road now , and twenty year down the line . unless some alternative transportation develop , test and prove within the next twenty year - say anti-gravity saucer or teleportation a-la ' star trek , car and ground vehicle would continue to be preffered . fact be that the human population grow and will continue to grow twenty year down the line . with this the need for transportation and the demand for personal transportation equipment will also grow . the car with proven technology and new advancement will continue to provide personalise transportaion well into the future . moreover , drive a car be now an integral part of human culture , like ride a horse . the car be our answer to the need to transportation sixty year ago , and they will continue to be twenty more year from now . 	TEL
I disagree with the statement ` ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ' ' , because I think that when you travel and you want to see new thing be good to have your own time and to manage your time acord to your preference and your need . sometimes when you be travel and you have to be whit a guide and with a group of people , you dont have enogh time to look at the thing you like , to analize the thing you see , or the time to enjoy the thing you like good . for example , for me be very important not only to see the monument and learn about the history of a place , but to teast the food of the place I ' m visit , and to have time to talk with the people that live their . in conclution I believe that not everybody have the same interest when their be travel , and that many time a good book can replace a guide , it be only a matter of reading about the pleace your visting . so I would recomend to buy a good book , look for information in the Internet , and then take all your time to do the thing you really like , to enjoy your trip . 	SPA
I agree with the comment that the yonger people now a day do not give enough time for help their community . this could be a result of many reason . help the community be a part of every person duty . in improveing their community they would tend to improve their surroundings and their quality of living . for example , if there be a need for some good social worker for their community they would not have much of their intrest in such a kind of aspect because they be busy with their work tension . they would rather spend their time enjoy in some play groud or a film theater rather in do some social work for their community . the young generation now a day would prefer to stay out of halping their community to develop because they be intrested in some other aspect . they would less concentrated on halping their community because some ego feeling which their fellow collegues would never do . they be very busy with their academic career that they do not have much time leave for help community . it would not be the problem of the educational institution for have such a tight schedule of academic . but it would be the sheer intrest of the young people to have the community . it would be their personnel intrest for help the community . like wise there be very few young people who would rather show some intrest in help community . it would be the old people who would like to help more rather than the young people because they have no work tension . it would be rather correct to say they have much less work tension rather than the young people . so they would surely have some advantage over the young people in help their community . in conclusion , i would like to say that the young people have very much less time for help the community when compare to the old people . it would help the community grow faster if the young people show some intrest in their community because they be much more energetic and enthusiastic then the old people . 	TEL
as the knowledge about science be expand , specialization be the result of this expand . a man can read a lot about a subject but this will be his habbits about an topic . this be the filling of spare time , a man can only do on thing or job well but have lot of habbits . Spesification about medicine could be the example . the medical knowledge we have reach today be enormous . a medic can not have all the subject about medicine experience . as it be so , it will be superficial and will have less benefit for his or her patient . Thats why medic try to graduate on paediatrics , oncology or cardiovascular surgery . as you uppergraduate on any subgroup , you should know that subject more deeply . but as state in the first passage , a man can only do one job well , the habbits of him also have supporting effect on his job . as a result , a man also need habbits , that will support his job . as a result , for this century , spesification be highly require for benefit . 	TUR
I believe that it be important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact because when it come to fact even though some people believe that it be the truth and that it will never change other do not . take me for an example , I come from an Egyptian background . in my culture they believe certain thing that they call ` ` fact ' ' but I do not believe most of the ` ` fact ' ' that they believe in . I be bear in the United States but my parent send me back and forth from Egypt to America so i have live here and there . One of the ` ` fact ' ' that they believe in be that a young woman should not move out of her parent apartment if she be not marry . they also believe this concept that they call ` ` fact ' ' even though if she be go to live on campass so he/she can continue her education . this idea be not a fact even though some people believe that it be include my parent . when i try talk to them about it they tell me how its a fact and how it be not an idean or a concept because it have be go on for the past year . another thing that I believe be an idea and my Egyptian culture call it a ` ` fact ' ' be that an Egyptian can not marry a non-egyptian they have to marry an Egyptian and when I ask why they respond with an answer like this ` ` that be how it be ' ' . when they respond with an answer like that why should I believe it be a fact not a concept ? when I live in Egypt they use to tell me a man can marry a non-egyptian but a woman can not and when I ask why ? they tell me because when you have kid then they become what their dad be for example if their dad be an etiopian then they become that if he be Christian then the kid become that but i do not believe that because you become who you be not , not who your parent be . 	ARA
depend on personal experience , personality type and emotion concern , different people have different idea about which people enjoy life most . some people think that young people enjoy life more than old people do . while other do not agree . in my opinion I think young people do enjoy life more than old people do . yes , old people may have more money , more experience , but can not make the time back . but for the young , everything in the world be new and fresh , so they can have plenty time the expercience and enjoy the life more than the old people . first of all , the young people have plenty time and passion the study the new konwledge and every thing that just happen in the world . by this way , they can stay in fashion and enjoy the life more , you see , accord the suvey maded by the China Daily , few of the people old than @card@ use computer to work and communicate with other , which be a more money-saving and interesting way to do thing . so we must say that it be the young can enjoy the life more second lly , I think the young people have more time and energy to have fun . they be young and strong , they can have a lot of great activity that the old people can have . in this way , we can see that theyoun people can have more entertamians . I be a young girl now , and I think I can do every thing if like , I be plane to travel around the world someday in the future . see I think few old can have such a dream . and in this way , I would to say , yound people do enjoy life more than old people . Addtionally , young people usually healther than old people . there be famous old saying in China , Health in the basic of everything you want to do . and because young people have strong body , they can enjoy the life more than old people . from the statement above , you can obvious see that young people have more chance and more time and more energy and more passion to lead a good life . in a summit , I stongly agree the opinion that young enjoy life more than old people . 	CHI
How many be there commercial between TV program ? people be aware that those be main source of TV broadcasting company to get a lot of profit . I think that most advertisement make people buy their product without sensible judgement by enlarge the product quality . there be two specific example regard the purpose of advertisement . first , various medium can be a good method to assure that producs be flawless . many product usually be advertise by famous people have a good image . if those product be show to people repetitively , nobody would be doubtful about the quality of them . second , almost all of the company do n't mention the side effect of their product aside . they have only to emphasize the advantage of thing to user . because it be more profitable to close their item ' fault . 	KOR
I agree with the statement that successful people be more adventurous and brave than ordinary people . it take a lot of effort and time to be successful . the succeful people try new thing start with establish knowledge and belief . in order to be consider successful , one need to practice beyond what be perceive ordinary and common . by experiment new thing base on common knowledge and belief , one can be able to find a new way to reach or meet what be demand beyond the common practice . the successful people also do not afraid of take risk . they be further brave than ordinary people . they try new thing that enable them to find a solution that other have not yet find by do thing in common way . To be consider successful , one need to have creative perspective and exceptional mindset in view a society . such a character can only be build by by try new thing in spite of make error and take risk . without adventure risk and trial , one be only consider to be ordinary and common . 	KOR
the success of people be strictly relate to the level of risk take . the real success be the materialization of the people ' S ability to differentiate themself respect to other . a good example of success story could be the Steve Jobs adventure in the technological world . Steve Jobs , that be the father and the creator of the apple company , know very well , that to be a successful man , you must take some risk , and try to do the thing in a different way respect your competitor . as Professor Porter say the real and most valuable competitive advantage for a company , but at the same time for a person , be the ability to be different . be different , not mean , only do new thing ; be different could be do the old thing but in different way . every time that we try to do a new thing , we take at the same time more risk , but to be successful , we must be able to evaluate the differents risk , and to figure out what could be our return , and what or in which measure the failure could affect our life . then , from my point of view , success be relate with a multiple series of different factor : ability to create , to immagine , or to perform something in different way respect to other people ; predisposition to the risk , in other word , could be very difficult reach the success , if the subject be a risk adverse ; but at the same time , be very important , the ability to measure this risk , and to create some different scenario , to be able to predict what could happen if everything take the wrong path . return to the Steve Jobs example , what sign the success of the apple company , be the visionary ability of Jobs , in figure out what will distingue a product like ipod from a different mp3 device . he choosed an innovative path , he calculate and evaluate the risk correlate with his idea , and , reach some failure , take some lose , he finally succed with his device . then , when someone have success , be at last , cause he be able to understand and to learn from his failure and his error , that could derive from try to be different , and take some risk . success be in my opinion , the prise , reserve to who have the courage to be like no other . 	ITA
advertisement penetrate into every aspect of our life convey message that a particular product be superior than the other or try to forge a need to buy a particular item . in order to realize this goal , they represent the product far superior than it really be . hence , today the image of the product exceed the practicle use of it in term of importance and its practicle use . What advertisement offer be therefore a status remark and a definition for a person ' S identity . the item describe the its owner in the particular way that the advertisement load them with . for example , a diet coke be never just a simple drink that would cut back your thirst or accompany some food . rather , it be an item that turn its consumer into someone attractive , lean and one that know how to live well . even the label that your pencil bear on it would transmit a message about who you be just just because the advertisement ' way of represent it . you can be a hardwork and determinant indiviudual or even someone rebellious . in this sense , I agree that advertisement render product much well than they really be . they shift their practicle meaning into a sign for your personal idnetity and status . thus , they sell not just the item item itself but also the message it entail . in this context , you do not pay a considerable price for a basic item but for something that respresent . 	TUR
in my point of view , the mentinoed statement must get a lot of support and I personally agree with the statement say that product be make to seem much good by advertising than they really be . I belive this speaking from a personal experience . once I buy a set of roller pen . the specifacations be that those pen write in a @card@ but when I use them , they be not even @card@ . I think that the problem behind such an issue be the production company . those company try to make their product as attractive as they can in order to attract the most consumer . those company forget that once someone buy anything that do much less than it say , it will be return to the retail selling agent , and the retail selling agent will in return return it to the company where many other item have be return . the result of this be that the name of the company will not be mush in the market , and will have no future product under the same name . it could be that what they be after be temporar profit . if this be the case , they succeed . so , exaggerate the product ' S description and the exaggeration in claim that a certain product do certain thing , while in reality do not lead the consumer to think about and try the product before they buy it . 	ARA
in my opinion I think that not true because some young people didnt enjoy they life because they get no money now , and the old people they get more money then the young people , so they can do something different then young people . the young people they can paly more thing then the old people because they still young and the can do something crazy because they dont even know be that right thing to do or not , so they can do more thing then the old people on this age , also in my opinion i think the old people be more enjoy they life then the young people because now in the new always see the young people they kill themself so i think that the probnlem because the young people dont even know what be they doin or what thing be right to do , and the old people they dont want die in that age because now they get the money to do the thing they enjoy so now they dont need work hard like before now they be free . I think be depent what kind people they think on they life , because everyone be different , so ca n't say which kind people be mpre enjoy they life or not be you own think to change your mind . ca n't say whichone be more enjoy they lfie . 	CHI
young people seem to be more activ and to spend more time to enjoy life than old people . indeed it seem that young people want to enjoy the present before get old . but we can wonder if young people really enjoy life more than old people do . in a first part we will examine qrguments in favour of this statement . then we will interest in the old people in order to conclude on that statement . why be it think that young people enjoy life more than old people do . the first reason be that young people be more activ . they be more dynamic . they have no fear because they be young . they feel invicible . they be in a period of their life where they have dream and be ready to do anything to realise those dream . it can be travel around the world or do a special carrer . . . an other caracteristic of young people be that they have more free time that they can spend with their friend or do their hobby . because they be young they have less restriction . . . it be the reason why they can do what they like . they always find time to do it because they be dynamic . an other reason why they enjoy life be that they discover life since they be young . a lot of thing be totally new for them . finally , people meet their good friend as they be young . now , why be it think that old people enjoy life less than young people ? the first reason be that old people have a lot of obligation such as a job , a family , child . . . All those thing take a lot of time and become sometimes fastidious . but the matter be to define what do ` enjoy life ' mean . in my opinion , young people enjoy the present instead old people enjoy on a long time 	FRE
for many decade professor , politician , employer , intellectualls and student in Germany have be discuss the question what an academic education should be like : be it good to educate the student to generalist or specilists ? some people say that it be good to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject . although this idea be support by good argument , I prefer to specialize in one specific subject . first , it be good to take a study course in which you be really interested in instead of take coures in many different academic subject , because the student can focus on one single topic . if he concentrate on one specific subject , he will finish his study course right in time and will pass his exam with good mark . take too many subject course be very confusing , and a student do not have the time to deal with each single subject in the way he be supossed to be . for example it be very complicate to combine a literary . cultural or medium study course with mathematics or ingeneering . second , company nowadays be not interested in generalist , because they need specialist . there be only a few branch where generalist can get a job . advertisement for job in newspaper always give a detailed description of the skill an employee should have . and mostly only a specialist satisfy the company ' need . therefor specialize on one subject be the good way to get a good job . finally , be specailized in one specific subject do not prevent you from get in touch with other academic topic and study course . if you be good in one topic , you might also deal with other academic subject that be interesting . but it be vital that you still focus on ` ` your ' ' study course . take all this into consideration , I arrive at the conclusion that it be very important to specialize in one specific subject instead of have knowledge of many academic aspect . in some way , we be all generalist . but be a specialist be a unique characteristic that improve your chance to get a good job . 	GER
I am agree with this statement that young people enjoy life more than old people . young people be generally have great verve and energy . whereas , old people can not enjoy the life with such attitude . young people normally enjoy their life while do their mundane job . but old people will do their job by create unwanted stress around them . the health be wealth . if you be fit and fine then only you can live your life in most hilarious manner . but old people be often surround by such kind of ailment pertinent to age , which restrict them to enjoy . I have great respect for my grand aunt who be inhabitant of our street . I be watch her since I be in 5th class . she be very active and alert at that time . she have little problem because of diabetes , but she have overcome any kind of stress and problem at that time . now , the canditions have change . most of time , she be not even able to walk properly . she be suffer from such kind of ailment which be very painful . Whenever I watch her I can easily undestand the savour of young life . young people readily overcome most of the ailment because of proper physiological function of their body . the other factor which make the old people lethagic towads life be , ` ` Pessimism ' ' . old people do not prefer to work after age of @card@ or @card@ which cause these people sluggish and prone to various dreadful disease . young people always ambitious about their career and goal which motivate them to enjoy life rather then to take as a burden . young people prefer to socialize and make friend with whom they can go to dance bar , hotel etc . old people like lonliness . my grand aunt previously be fond of party and get togathers . but now , she disdain such kind of crowd and prefer to live in disgrunteled canditions . young people emancipate themselves from all kind of bondage and live life with vivacious attitude . in short , normal functioning of body and optimistic attitude of young people make them so that they can enjoy their life . 	HIN
while some poaple think that most advertisement make product seem mush less than they real be , I think differ . in my opinion , I think that the advertusements make product seem mush well they be , the reason be that advertisement provide business commerce and . fist of all , what advertisement mean be make a reputation to the company . there be no doubt us that the object of most of company be earn money . in other word , the image and funtion of product sometimes be good than they really be . in addition , what advertisement mean use effective and effcient way be to attarct comsumers ' eye . there be no doubt that the company devote to their efforte to refresh comsumer ' S mind instead of think about what real do good to them . no wonder , there be a lot of not thrthful advertisement on the TV , newspaper , and on-line commerce . for example , there be a lot of young lady want to be more well-shaped . however , they dose n't go go see the doctor to ask for a professional advise . Actuallly , they just buy the madicine on-line . unfortunately , the medicine be always not the thrth purpose . moreover , some of them have problem beacause eat them . What ' s more , some of them To sum up , some people believe what they see on the screen , but I think differ . l would rather buy the product l use or my friens suggest me . thus , it ' s a mush more practical and useful to puechase , espacially go shopping . 	CHI
Undoutedly I would say that I agree with the statement give here that ` ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . my first reason be , as we go to a new place , we may not be know how the place be , how will the behaviour of the people look , what their culture be , what their custom be , what their tradition be etc . if we go to some Latin American country , we may find some difficulty in understand their language and also we ca n't understand their accent even though they speak English . for example , suppose that you plan to go to france , the language the people speak there be French , you may not understand French where you need a guide . second reason be , if the place you plan to tour a historic place with out a guide , you finnaly end up with the rocky structers you see there . as each historic place have a history behind it , the main purpose of visit be to know its history , a guide be right person to explain it for you . for example when you go on a tour to Egyptian pyramid , you may not know who build them , how they be build , but if you have a guide with you he can help you explain all these detail . after all you derive a lot of thrill and in turn a great happiness by know all these detail . on the contrary when you tour alone or with you kith and kin who do n't know anything about either the place or the history you can not enjoy the place just becauce you do n't know the detail and there will be every possibility of get detour . when you encounter a mysterious inscription scribble on stone you alone on your own can not decode them in order to enjoy the trip to the full extent . have consider all the reason give about I would say that I strongly agree with the give statement . 	HIN
the old generation sometimes say that the young generation do not play an active role in help their community anymore . they think that the young generation be selfish and only want to earn a lot of money . there be a few point support this opinion but there be also a few against it . the first thing to say be that the traditional bond between the young and old generation have dissolve nearly completely . e.g. it be not common anymore that both generation live together in one house . therefore the young generation can not feel this strong sense of community that once exist . from this on I think that the young generation be involve in several other activitites to help their community . first , there be a lot of teenager who help the church or the local administration , e.g. during election . I have some friend do that and I can say that the work they do there be really admirable . second , there be many teenager who be involve fight against environmental problem . these activity be really beneficial to the local community because they help to achive a sustainable lifestyle . the last point be that many student be work hard for school or university . that do not only mean that they want to achive professional success but they also want to improve life at school or university for theirselves and for all other student . now let me talk about a point I ' ve just mention : the hard work for school or university . of course this means that they have to spend a lot of time learn and not directly help their community . but I think that learning be the good way to achive a good life for the whole community . the young generation know that without work hard they wo n't be able to achive a good life for their community , e.g. if there be no skilled worker in town economy and finally the whole community will suffer a lot . finally you could say that it ' S not true that young people today do not spend enough time to help their community . as we ' ve see , young people engage in a lot of activity in order to help their community but they do this differently than the generation before . 	GER
I find it productive and rewarding to specialize on one subject because one be likely to progress well by stay focus on one area of thought . mathematician like Andrew Wiles work a huge amount of time to prove a single theorem , but he happen to solve one of the great enigma of mathematics . so devote oneself completely to solve a problem or to structure a method may result in an effective , all-inclusive and creative solution or understanding . however , specialization could also mean boredom or a waste of time . stay up all night pursue the same goal over and over again may cause someone to live an empty life , even to lose focus of what they be look for in the first place and thereby make many year ' work obsolete . many great thinker get stick in their own mind , think there be only one important thing in the world , like religion or fancy metaphysical entity , shut themselves down from the rest of the world and , more importantly , from the opportunity of growth and understand they have as human being . the mind have to flow and explore , take new chance , it be not contain in a box . after all , there be many idea and project out there , endless possibility of how to make a good world . a wide range of ability and knowledge of various subject enrich people ' S live and open their mind . the only problem be that it be difficult to coordinate oneself to grow in each discipline , one can get easily distract and it be hard to determine what require one ' s attention at what time . still , the statement could be wrongly put forward . go back to Wiles ' S experience , he could not have prove the theorem without have a wide mathematical understanding , if he have n't look in archives other ( more specialized mathematician ) would have consider useless or out of the subject , if he have n't dare to try new method whenever it be need , nowadays it be hard to think what it would be like to focus on only one discipline or science , since they be all relate with each other , and with technology , in significant way . 	SPA
I definately agree with the statement that it would be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it would be for them to learn the fact . To support my opinion I will give three reason in favour of the latter . firstly I surely agree with the opinion that student have to learn some fact . it be obviously important to know certain thing but it can not be the main objective . as I experience , the thing you remember in the end be not the one hardly learn and memorise , but the idea and concept transmit by a book or a professor . To be capable to memorise you need to connect the fact and to transform them in big piece , in concept . secondly it be not just important to know thing , but to understand them . by memorise number and number of fact you do n't automatically also understand them and you be not necessarily able to see them in relation to other factor . you be may not able to see the overall meaning of all the factor learn . thirdly , when actually use the the knowledge learn , you need concept and idea rather than pure fact . for example if you be a doctor , it do not help you to just know where the knee be but also to be aware of all the different part of the body that can influence and affect the knee . experience pain in the knee be not necessarily cause by the knee itself . it can also be originate in another part of the body . summarise I think there should be both , the learning of fact - serve as a basis of knowledge - and the understanding of concept and idea , to be able to get the meaning of the knowledge learn and memorise . What count in the end be the ability of use the knowledge and this be just possible when have a profound understanding of the fact learn . 	GER
in my opinion it be true that young people be start to have lot of different distraction that be separate them from many interesting activity and responsabilities as help their community . but it be something that have be increase several year ago . the development of new technology as Internet , mobile , televitions , dvds , computer game , etc , have extend another ambition and purpose in life . Nowdays teenager prefer to sit in front of a dvd player or play with their mobile instead share some evening in some community where all kind of activity or service be plan . first of all , I think one of the reason be the education that they be receive from their parent and from the school . it seem to be more important to know how to use Internet than which be the last book that they read . secondly in this community the should try to attrack teenager offer them different kind of activity which could make them interested in go to this communinties and participate . for example , organize : concert ( all type of music : classical , pop , rock ... ) , football game or other kind of sport , create a library which would include : Internet , book , cd ' s , dvd ' d ; also try to perform some play or go to the theatre . also know much more about the place that they live and the enviroment in general not just the group or the city that they live . at last , when young people can enjoy in this enviroment they will be very excite and very decide to colaborate in any kidn of activity or help that the community can create or organize . my conclusion be that if the community present a good range of attractive and new activity any youn people will be so happy to colaborate in the well being og the community 	SPA
today , to move , the people , in general , use theirs car . the number of car increase always but in an other side , the prise of car and oil increase too . on one hand , some people think in twenty year they will use than there be today . Indeed , have a car be more and more expensive . on the earth , there less and less oil so the prise increase a lot and all people can not pay it . moreover , in the big city , the common transport will be very develop like in Paris where the government make news bus ' route . they want that Paris will becomea citie with no car . indeed , some people think we need to stop use the car because that due to the increase of polution . one the other hand , the car be the good to move . indeed , with car you can go everywhere and when you want . you do not wait like with bus and subway . maybe the prise of oil increase , however , all government try to find a solution . for example , in France , the government want to introduce a new oil product with cereal . this oil be ever use in some country like Brazil where a lot car use this oil and where the oil be less expensive than in France . Moverover , this vegetal oil can stop the polution in the big city . and finaly , with a car , the people do what they want like at home . they choose the radio station they want to listen , they can fume , they can phone . accord to me , the common transport can develop a lot again . but with the new technology , all the people would like his own car and I think in twenty year there be more car in use than there be today . 	FRE
it be not the question of agree or disagree with the give topic in itself be self explainatory . because have broad knowledge of many acdemic subject would be not be any use unless we command any one of them it be something like jack of all trade master of none . the broad knowledge of many subject would only let you know the subject but to master any subject you have to specialize in one specific subject . my point of veiw be to specialize in one subject to know many subject because do we will be in more depth of one then just be superficially attach to many this can be further elabaroting by take certain e.g like a general doctor can treat many disease but can strike in some critical disease where as specialist doctor can tke care of complex disease in his specialise branch . same way in any other branch you take it a specialist would always have an upper on a non specialist today where the world devoloping at such a past pace the contribution of a specialist would be more than a non specialist specialist can help in high research program vis-vis cant specialist can go in for extensive study in his and can get fruitful result which can be use for the betterement of the human race as per the subject concern 	HIN
someone suggest that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . but I quite disagree with it . first of all , I like to enjoy the journey in my own way . I always like the pleasure of freedom . arrange the travel be a hard work , but it be quite intreseting . but to be lead by a tour guide , I have to obey the instruction he make . I have to follow the whole group to go to somewhere I do n't want to , I have to go to the place order by tour guide , eat the food order by tour guide , even go to toilet at the time fix by tour guide . so we hire a tour guide or we hire a commander ? furthermore , the tour guide always say the same thing just like the travel book . I can see it in the hotel , or through the Internet , why I should hire a tour guide for this ? second , which be even bad , be that tour guide only have most profitablt route , so there be many place I can n't find a tour guide . especially for some very exciting undeveloped district , it ' S very hard to get a tour guide . last time , some friend and I want to go the a moutain in our province , after we explorered all the websites of the tour company , none of them have this route . we have to go by ourselves . third , someone acclaim that traval in a group lead by a tour guide will save money . it make sense sometime . but business be business , you have to pay extra money for the guide not the journey itself . moreover , some tour guide will bring tourist to shop , mall but not the place we want to . just because this shop , mall will pay tour guide for bring business . I even hear that some tour guide cheat and blackmail the tourist about eating , transportation , etc . it ' S quite difficult to find a good tour guide . To sum up , I do not like to travel in a group lead by a tour guide . 	CHI
in this essay I ' ll discuss if I agree or disagree with the fact that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . first of all , I want to say that I do n't agree completely with this statement because be too semplicistic say that young people now do not give enough time to help their community . in fact , for sure , there be a lot of young people nowadays who think only about theirselves and do n't spend time for help their community but , on the contrary , there be a lot of young people involve in social activity . in fact , I know a lot of young people everyday involve in some different activity to help their community above all young people part of specific group . for example , they help child with family problem to do their homework after the school , they play guitar during church celebration on Sunday and when I be young and I attented the secondary school , in particular , I also do a lot of these kind of activity but unfortunately now I do n't have enough time to do these and so I try to do something else . as a lot of young people in fact , I ' m part of the red cross and for this reason twice a year I go the hospital and I give for free my blood to help a lot of people who everyday need blood due to some different problem . in conclusion , I can say that I agree with the fact that there be a lot of people nowaday that do not give enought time to help their community but I want underline instead , that there be a lot of young people very sensible , act in social activies and for these reason that spend a lot of thei time for help the other . 	ITA
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . the first reason why I agree with this statement be that young people have change . in old day in Korea , young people be very helpful . they help to build house and fix thing , which be dangerous and hard . this work be for young people and they do it without hesitation . however , these day young people do not care about their community . young people , nowadays , have different attitude . another reason that I think be that young people be not connect with community . in Korea , young people , who assume as student , be very busy study . they go school at 7 in the morning and come back in the mid-night . they have no time to participate for their community . whereas , in old day in Korea , there be more people who be not student and also school work be not hard . last but not least , some young people want to help their community . for example , help and take care of elderly people or child . however , I be not sure about other country , but in Korea , parent usually do not want their child , who be student , to help for their community . the reason be obvious that they want their child to study for their future university rather than care about their community . take into account of all factor , people be become more egoistic , not only young people , but also their parent and adult . anyhow , we may reach the conclusion that the statement be correct . 	KOR
I think it depend on individual ' S preference . someone like to trip in a group lead by a tour , and other do not . I ' m a person of the latter type and I disagree with that statement . I do n't like to travel in a group lead by a tour guide , because travel in a group lead by a tour guide will deprive flexibility from the trip . it be true that rely on a tour guide be comfortable . someone should think that even plan where to visit be bother . a group trip lead by a tour guide be suitable for such a person . tour guide be professional to plan and to travel safely . the trip lead by a guide should be easy and safe . travel in a group lead by a tour guide , however , lack flexibility in the plan . in some city , there be too many famous place , and traveler be force to choose some from them . in London or New York , for instance , we have to spend three or four day in a museum if we try to see every thing exhibit there . in such a case , traveler should obey the plan of the tour if they participate in a tour lead by a tour guide . a people who be especially interested in art and want to stay longer at a museum should prefer travel freely . sometimes I change my plan during a trip . when I visit Germanany when I be an undergraduate student , I plan to visit five city during the one week trip . at the first place I visit , however , I be so impress by the beautiful scene of a river and castle that I change my plan and stay there for one week . consequently , I visit only one city during the trip . when we travel , we often encounter impressive scenary or event at the place we visit during the trip . travel in a group lead by a tour guide do not allow us to change the plan stay there for long time than we plan before . 	JPN
the topic whether successful people try new thing and take risk rather than do what they already know how to do well be a controversial topic . I would agree with the statement . the main reason to support the statement be that try new thing and take risk somtines give innovative idea and good insight to solve a problem at hand . for example Einstien , a famous scientist , continuously try new thing and figure out innovative method to reach a conclusion . as a result he have give the world new theory and explanation which the world be unaware of . Einstien be one of the world ' s great scientist ever know . secondly , do what we already know how to do well be just blindly ignore the change factor surround us . for example , my father know how to make a spear very well . I learn the art of spear make from my father . but with all the tecnological advancement and innovative metho around i can not say that the method know to me be the good method . today spear can be preapared with machine which be fast and more accurate . so in order to do thing well we need to have a clear understanding of the change enviornment condition . third , if people donot try new thing and donot take more risk then the world economy would not grow and come to a halt . for example , Bill gate , the founder of microsoft , take a risk of venture into the computer industry when critic predict that he would fail miserably . he continue to work hard and be able to succeed in the end . Microsoft generate huge employment and create product which help ease certain task significantly . Microsoft help the world economy to grow at a fast pace by introduce technological advancement and generating employment . bill gate today be one of the rich person in the world . have he not take the risk of start a new company he would not have be successful . in conclusion people who try new thing take calculated risk succeed . people who only do what they already know may become successful but not to the same extent achieve by people who take risk . 	HIN
I agree with the statement . there be three main reason for that . first , idea and concept be more various than fact . fact have the tendensy , but all idea and concept be defferent from each other by people who make them . second , to learn be easy , but to understand be difficult . student should study hard and not get easy . finally , if student understand idea and concept , they apply thier knowledge to thier life in the future . only to learn fact be not useful . therefore , I think that student should make the much effort to understnd idea and concept , not to learn fact . 	JPN
Intd : new thing create success reach goal lead invention i agree with the statement successful people try new thing . because if they try the new thing then only they will success in life oterwise their life be stationary . for ex : bill gate be moel for everyone in computer world . he succeed by reach goal because he try so many thing differently . in my openion try new thing be the mother of invention . so many scientist try differently and face so many problem create wonderful life for us . for ex thomas Edison invent florescent light bulb change our life alot . after that several change occur due to try of new thing if we want success and growth in our life or in job definitely we need to try new thing and then only we will overcross other competetors and succeed in life . so i storngly agree with the statement all people succeed by try new thing in 	TEL
I agree with this statement . advertising be an art , an art of make product seem attrative and perfect . it be also the art of convince the consumer to buy the product . consumer who be not wise enough or who be too influencable buy product because of the advertisement . first of all I would say adverstiment company tend to have a lot of money so they can make beautiful , attrative advertisement . they have a lot of mean to attract to consumer . TV advertsiments be the easy way to convince a consumer to buy your product whereas written advertisment in newspaper for example be less convincing because they be not interactive . on TV ad you can see people use , eat the product the company be sell . they reach more easily the consumer . second of all , advertisment be make to make product seem good than they be in real life . it be an art . for example when you see an advertisment for a frozen pizza , the pizza always look hot , savourous . usually you can see the cheese melt whereas when you buy it and you heat it up it be nothing compare to that advertisment , it be a normal frozen pizza not a home make one . third of all advertisement be a lure for consumer . people do not buy a product for its consistency but for the way it look in the ad . sometimes ad tend to lie about the the quality of the product for example toothpaste that make your tooth white as the snow , or a soap which eliminate all the imperfection of a teenage skin . To conclude I would say advertisement make product seem much good than they really be because it be one of the goal of advertsiment the first one being to sell a product . but to sell a product in huge quantity you have to make it special , good than the other , attractive or even emphazise the result of this product . 	FRE
in my opinion , this be a very strong statement and I can not totally agree with it in the way in which it be currently phrase . as a first general point , I think that similar statement can never hold absolutely true or false , so before discuss the merit of my opinion , I would like to narrow down the reach of the statement by specify a particular geographical or cultural set that we be refer to when talk about young people and their community . I will therefore take my home country as a reference . community face constant change as society as a whole change , and most of these change result into challenge and demand impose over individual of all age . in particular , the beginning of the 21st century have see a macroconomy revolution in term of the labour market - in particular highly specialise and train labour - and information technology resource . extensive outsourcing of certain service to Asian country and move big part of the manufacturing industry to the Far East cause many young people to be unemployed in Europe , and in my home country too , as a result . where once community use to be wealthy and secure employment could guarantee social welfare and enough free time for everyone to spend with their family or in social activity , now the young generation face difficulty in earn enough to mantain thei usual standard of living . I agree that they spend less time help out their community , and therefore , it be understandable that they will have to dedicate a lot of time to job hunting or even engage into a second and a third occupation , and will have no time or energy to spend on help the community they live in . well organise activity such as participation into charity work , or more spontaneous and ` private ' one such as care for an elderly member of the family or a disabled neighbour will eventually have to be put aside by those young who face economic difficulty , and will only be pursue by the lucky individual who do not have to worry about earn enough to feed themselves and their child . 	ITA
the issue at hand be that it be good to have broad knowedge many academic subgects than to specialize in one specific subgect . I agee this because people live various world and change quikly . the first reason that I agree that to have broad knoweage be that it can be prvent for isolation from the peaple . I be a nurse in my contry and need more various knowedge such as English , socialogy , abd culture . To in order to socialate other peole , I need to many academic knowedge . I think that it be important to have various information as well as nusing the second reason I believe that I prefer person who have broad knowlede of many academic subgect be that we live various world . if I know one thing , I do n't understant fileds of other . it causepeople have prejudice the other one . in conclusion , I content that our society there be change so qulicky . we have to learn various thing . 	KOR
traffic issue be certainly a huge problem in our current world . a distance of ten kilometer would usually take about ten minute to cross twenty year ago ; however , nowadays that same distance would take about fourty minute to cross . people be begin to wonder if a person walk a certain distance , or drive in a car , do the walk individual reach the designate point faster ? such issue be become a serious concern to our world . yet every problem must have a solution , and earth have a trait that when a human create a problem , eventually he will find a solution . yet that solution , would cause another problem . I personally agree with the statement since already certain protocol be be do in order to deal with such a problem . Mass transit have be extremely subsidize and an incentive to carpool be be stress upon . subway rail , train , and monorail be be create inorder to draw away all the individual find on the road . in twenty year their will be definatly few car than what be present today , since individual would no longer depend on a biast form of transport . certain city in our world today can prove how mass transit be an effective way of reduce the number of car . London , England be a perfect example to be use as a city who use all its transportation method and incentive to the max . a person who live in London do not necesarilly need to be stick in rush hour when he be tired from work and just want to go home . such an individual can just enter the tube station and ride the subway to the near station to his residence . this type of transportation when people begin to adapt to it greatly affect the road of London , as year by year the street begin to clear up . country would probably follow the footstep of London in the near future . Tokyo , Japan be another example of a country that enforce mass transit ; however poorly exectued . underground station be present within the city , yet the transit system do not support such a mass amount of individual . such a situation might solve the problem of few car on the road , but it cause the problem of more people crowd at underground station . the example present support the theory behind this argument , which be yes their will be few car in twenty year than their be today ; however , that do not solve the main problem . car on their own do not cause a crowd effect , people drive the car cause the crowd effect . when mass transit be use efficiently , than that certain amount of individual will be evenly distribute among different route of transport . yet if mass transit be provoke , than that mass of individual would just yield to another route , transfer the same problem from point A to point B. Fewer car will be present in twenty year , but its up to each individual country to distribute the main problem . 	ARA
advertisement be a source to reach out to the people and to pass on a message that one want to say . people be influence in a wide range on watch these advertisement . many product be market through this procedure . most of the product be not as worth as they be show in the advertisement . marketing personal do not actually show the reality but try to convince the public that their product contain good quality and quantity : but they dont . for instance , the advertisement of a beauty cream or a face pack be market with an attractive presentation but that product actually doesnt show much effect on anyone and the side effect will not be mention in that advertisement . similarly , the product of food and snack also do not show any growth regard health but be show in such a way that they can produce lot of energy and strength in a person . Offcourse , one cant find the clothes shine so brightly forever , with a detergent or wash powder as it be show in the advertisement . its all about attract people in a false manner towards their product . it would be fare enough if the real quality of the product be show in the advertisement . only few product do effect on the people as the way they be display . in conclusion , I do agree that the most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	TEL
in my opinion be good to have a knowledge specialize in one specific subject because this be good to know a thing as well as you can . this be true in all the experience of the life : refer to the university ( the Italian university ) we can take the example of the of the two year of specialization . an other example we can find in a great company , infact each people that there be in this have a specific work to do and this bring to an excellent final operation . a person that be magnifically prepare on one thing will arrive at a sicure result because that ` ` be your breed ' ' ; we can also observe that the most good professor , scientist , nobels , athlets be all specialize on that they work and do not specialize on many work . we can also see that the colloboration of great brain , each of them specialize on a thing , be important in many way of the our life . 	ITA
I certainly agree with the follow statement , which say that most advertisment make product seem much good than they really be . we all know that advertising have a high impact on people it ' S the only way to promote a product , so in order to convince them to buy their should be a kind of exageration somewhere but bear in mind that we should n't be unrealistic . we have different type of exageration in order to make a product seem well and all depend on the type of medium , for example when talk about the billboard , how many time we see an ad or an offer for a fast food restaurant , they show a big burger and say that we can now buy one and get the other one for free , wow amaze by this offer we all go to this restaurant and order the offer , but surprisingly we see that the burger be such a miniature and if we eat 1o of them we wont be satisfy ! so in this case they play with the font of the ad . another example will be a whitening cream , they tell us that in 4 week we ' ll have a white princess skin , the first step for those who want to whiten their skin be to go and buy this product , they use it for 1 month maybe but no difference at all so we all wonder here if the problem come from us or the produst itself ! too many example can support my answer well let ' s list another one , the good example ever be the ` ` good seller ' ' which be an advertising program see on tv , well here come a catastrophe because they show too many product and try them on the tv , but when we order them home i bet we can use them more than 1 week because they ' re bad quality . detergent be one of the product that do not show the real effect of it , for example when they show us a certain laundry detergent on the tv , they bring a T-shirt and drop coffee , Chocolat , ketchup . . . on it and as a magic all be go and the latter become white as if we just buy it . also advertising for clothes , home aplliances , car , technology etc ! have an impact and a strong one over customer beacause some people even if they do n't like the product or do n't use it they will buy it maybe because their celebrity be in it . I think that good company do not promote their product , we can see very profitable company with a relative high profit which do n't put an ad on the tv but everyone go and buy from it , that ' S because it ' S an old and trusty one , also now we can differ from a medecine which be good or bad , every company which promote a medecine be certainly face a low return and it ' S medecine be not that good because in general we put ad in order to attract customer and who be not in need wont do it . advertising be an important thing but should some limitation in order to be more realistic and so can attract many people , it ' S well to be real than a dream one ! . 	ARA
travel top the list of many people ' S choice to spend their leisure time for . but whether to follow a group lead by a tour guide remain a controversial question for the traveller at their planning stage of the tour . in my opinion , the good way to travel have little to do with follow a large group . people tend to rely on a group and stick to it for security or consensus or whatever they need , but when it come to travel , thing might fall on the opposite side . the assertion of unity mean the denial of freedom , it be especially ture when , with the guide of a tour guide , one can not indulge himself in the freedom of choose what travel site to visit or what time to start and there be a great chance that the true meaning of travel , relaxation be my defenition , might be rape by argument and complaint . some people would contridict my point by say that a tour guide offer valuable and well-informed suggestion that would make a good trip . but be n't there enough news of tourist be cheat or make use of for the sake of tour guide ' benefit ? by say this , I be not say that tourist be more skilled at escape trick when travel by themselves , nor be I judge the moral standard of all tour guide , it ' s just that be n't it even sad to be fool when certain investment and trust and already be place on the tour guide ? in addition , travel fullfills different purpose for different people . some want to escape the hustle and bustle of the city , some wish to explore the unknown world , some aspire to adventure through exciting place , and none of these seem attainable by follow the lead of a tour guide whose job be to keep everyone in sight and control . good or bad , there be no absolute truth , however , we always have the right to chase what we want when travel . 	CHI
accord to my opinion , the statement that succesful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know be the one open for debate . Curosity have become a driving force which lead to the new invention and discovery from century . man from the time when he hunt the food than today when all the late technology be available . in this essay , i will first analyse ideology of succesful person and whether optimism and audacity be the only criterion for become succesful and base my suggestion in favour of be optimistic . if we turn the page of the history , one thing we find common in all the great leader be the quality of be optimistic . they do not hesitate to take any audacious decision and explore new thing . take for example , George Washington , americas first president , he always show enthusiasm in try out new thing . the other example be Abrahim Lincoln , a person who have reach the great height in his carrear by take risk and experiment with new thing . I also support the point that , if we do those thing we already know we can do those task more accurately and with less effort . however , this do not increse our effecincy . think of the primitive world , where our ancestor be very good in hunting and if they have never try out of break the old ritual of hunting and start live like civilised people we could have not reach the apex on which we be today . obstacle be be the milestone which show us the path of success . while overcome obstacle and take new kind of risk people become strong and discover new limit of success . I would like to conclude by state that , if u want to reach the apex of success than make yourself accustom with different kind of risk and obstecle and in all conscience u will become succesful 	HIN
I agree wich this idea : most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . there be two important reason why I think that this statement be true . first , today , in our society , the most important thing for people have become the appearance , and not the really essence of thing . in the every day life of each individual , the esthethical and exterior aspect , such as clothes , beautifulness , money , richness and material thing be most relevant rather than the interior aspect , such as ethical value , love , friendliness , helpfulness etc . . for this reason people think tha be right to appear and to demonstrate these aspect rather than their essece . second , today tv , radio , paper and other form and source of information , like mass meedia have devoloped very quickly connect group of different people all over the world . so individual be slave of this information sphere that influence them . so we can transport this two concept from the life of people to their relationship with the different kind of product , which they see and consider all day . I think that because people be be influence and pay great attention to exterior aspect most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . in conclusion , I think that this process be really develop , but it be wrong and it demage our society within few year . 	ITA
I agree with the atatement that there will be few car in the next twenty year . there will be three point to support my idea . then , I will list these three point as follow : first of all , the government of today put more investment to improve the public traffic mass , and there will be less need to purchase a private car . most of the people in our city buy car because there be so few public bus and subway , and it always make them be late to work or school . so if the government give its buget more to build the public traffic system , few citizen will buy car . and since the Traffic mass Action begin progress in our city , the number of the car have already decline . another thing that will due to the reduction of the car ' S number be that the less amount and the large expense of the crude oil resource . nowadays , few oil field can be entract enough crude oil for people to use . in order to explore new oil resource , we put our eye to the sea floor . you know , to drill an oil well on the sea floor need much more expences and more modern technique . in addition to the war begin in the Middle East , the expense of the oil raise far more repay than we could expect . if we want to run a car , we should spend more money on the expense of fuel then ever before . and I think this situation will not be change in the next twenty year . as a result , it will make us reduce to use car than nowadays . last but not the least be that the people ' S conception to protect the environment and reduce the pollution . by use car , it will cause a lot of environment problem such as air pollution , noise pollution . All these will be harm to human ' S body . however , people now concerntrate more on the health problem than ever before . so they will reduce the use of car to decline the pollution it cause . for this reason , the number of car will of course be delined in next @card@ year . all in all , the government ' action , the limited natural resource , and the mind of people to decline the pollution all put function in the reducted number of car . and I also think few car will make our life well and will also do good to the whole society . 	CHI
I always think to myself , what will my grand parent do when I be have fun or boredom in school . Everytime I go pass by old people , they sit on a bench hold the leesh of their dog and watch people walk pass by . but their truth of enjoyment be something else , something more impressive and tearful . therefore , I believe that they may not be enjoy their life in my sight , but they be certainly enjoy more than us , young kid . when I be at my grand parent ' place , I be investigate what they would do for the @card@ hour . their bed time be worth half of my bed time and their TV time be worth not even the half of my TV time . and even , when I be try to entertain them by teach them how to use the computer , they sleigh the mouse on to the computer screen which make me give up on them . then , I realize that their enjoyment be something else , which young people can not possibily feel . when it be my bed time , my grand mother be stay up watch a series of drama . I interrupt her ask what be her entertainment in life and she answer me that her enjoyment of life be all about watch me and my mother ' S day go past by safely and our fulfiment of laughter be instantly her pleasant laughter . and the next thing she say to me be that she be enjoy so much of her life that she would not regret for living , even if she die the next day . in conclusion , I do not know how their own enjoyment of life work , but all the tearful saying that my grand mother have make for me touch my heart and therefore , I believe that old people enjoy their life more than us , young kid who only know how to play computer game . 	KOR
in these day , many technology system be develop . for example , we could play in many way in these day like play an X-box in their house and go to movie theator . on the other side , the old people might not have a chance to play or watch the movie at the theator with their friend . not only play to get enjoy life , we could also find for our new job easily and find their habit easily through the Internet explorer . first of all , many young people in these day play X-box in their house . probably in the old day , they just play outside of the sport like basketball or soccer . Howevere , in these day , we could play soccer or basketball in our house with use X-box . the new technology system affect us in many way . for example , we allow to talk to someone in anywhere and any time we want . by call or e-mailing with each other , we could find the enjoyable life . in addition , many young people in these day also go to movie theator to watch the movie . in the movie theator , we could choose the movie we want to watch . for instance , scary movie and sad movie . by watch them we could have fun time in our spare time . also while we watch the movie we could also eat any food we want . in the old day , they do n't have any movie , so probably they all watch the news all the time . finally , we could find our habit and new job easily by search in the Internet explorer . for example , we be interested in skiing in the winter brake , then we could search the place where we could go for the good and even we could learn how to do the ski . by search and find our from the Internet explorer , we could find out out habit be . for instance , when I start to chat with my neighbor and I enjoy it , then it could become my habit . in conclusion , many technology system affect to live enjoyable life than old people do before their life . therefore , in my opinion , I agree that the young people enjoy life more than old people do before . 	KOR
personally , I do not think that few car will be use in twenty year than today . probably , the author of the statement base his view on the fact that the increase of the use number of car have be decrease for the last @card@ year . furthermore , another thesis support his view might be that public transport will become not only more accessible but also less expensive . the invention of a new form of transportation might as well contribute to a reduce number of car . another very important point be , that the street be overwhelm by the number of car and simply can not provide space to even more vehicle . the last point seem to be pretty evident , especially in a country like Germany . however , in country like China or in other third-world country , space be not a restrict factor . in opposite , the development of those country will even increase the demand for high-priced technology as be the car . Development happen rapidly and the chance that country like India or South Africa join the club of the develop country within the next twenty year be more than realistic . also the invention of a new form of transportation might not be absolutely out of space but it be nowhere in sight and it would take much longer to gain general acceptance than the give @card@ year to have any impact on the number of car in use . What I definitely hope and as well believe be the fall of price for public transport and its spread over the world - even in country where it be not establish yet . however , I be afraid that the car as much more comfortable choice will always attract human enough to convince people to take it . I myself use the car for my way to this TOEFL center instead of take bus or train . Germany again serve as a good example . while the public transport system surely be one of the good in the world , street be fill with car . this demonstrate that even the existence of a public transport system do not have great effect on the number of car use . furthermore , outside Europe , country be much more rural than here . the establishment of a public transport system be by far more expensive than the building of road . the statement that the increase in the number of car decrease be definitly true but this do not necessarily mean the end of an increase number of car be close . as state before , though Europe reach a peak which can hardly be increase , in other country the demand will rise during the follow year and outnumber potential decrease in Europe . this effect be even promote by a rise population on the world . though in Germany and in other highly develop country , the number of inhabitant decrease slightly , the total number of people still increase fastly . this will not change during the follow @card@ summer . conclusively , I can not see any convenient reason why the number of car might decrease during the next two decade - maybe an atomic war or a meteor - but nothing realistic to happen . though I do not appreciate the trend of more car , I be absolutely sure that it will hold on . 	GER
in my view it be always helpful to have lot of interest in acquire as much information in every field or subject rather than to concentrate merely on one subject . as far as I be concerned individual will shine if he continue to gain knowledge through out his entire life , more so in different field as world be change faster . as a child I be do lot good in most of the subject during my secondary school . but I never be domonating in any one subject . this continue when I be in Intermediate , which use to worry me a bit , as after the Higher Education there be an entrance exam for which I have to score very good in academic subject . but my maternal uncle who be close to me suggest to make a slight alteration to my study pattern and concentrate on subject which will be test for the exam , but say to remember one important thing that jack of all trade be good than master of none . while I be study 10th standard I have a friend who be good in natural science . but he never use to concentrate on other subject as he find them uninteresting and worthless . because of his attitude he get lot low mark in the final and could not qualify for the State government Higher education College . he have to settle with a private college . the main important reason for his descendancy be by gain lot of knowledge in one particular field , he might have think that he have nothing to learn further and stop learn all of a sudden , which be a dangerous pattern for any individual . also he might have get bored and stop concentrate on other topic as a whole . the above example in my life convince me that by gain knowledge of many issue and topic will help you interact more expressively with your colleague and make you more socially interactable . also with change world all the time every second , by keep this attitude in your mind , will help you adapt quickly and smoothly . 	TEL
in my point of view , I be diagree with the statement , and these be my reason . first of all , because of different age , people enjoy their life in different way , but it do n't mean old people donnot enjoy life . for example , compare with young couple , instead of drunk and dance like mad . old couple be like to go to travel together and to recall their honeymoon . even thoungh it look pretty boring for young people , but those moment be significant in the old people ' S life . so old people actually know how to enjoy their time more healthy and more meaningfully . second , there be lot of thing that old people can also enjoy , such as young ' s favor thing -- party , club , and gem . old people like to go to somewhere that more quiet than the party room but they do enjoy dance with their lover and share their special beauty to the one who be important for them . and also they love to go to club to know more people and friend . for example , my grandmother luses to go to party and have fun with her friend . third , here be one thing that young people can not undertand and enjoy but old people love -- garden work . young people assum that garden work be only for grandparent for their extra time . but actually it be not true , garden work be another way that show how much the old people enjoy life , because of time go by very fast , so the old people enjoy the moment that when their flower grow up , or their apple tree have little apple and so on . because they undertand the joy to creative life and in order to enjoy life . therefore , in my opinion . old people know how to enjoy their life and even well than young people . they wo n't do anything damage for their heath , they wo n't do any childish thing that bad for the community . they have their live style that provide for good living standard and quality . so these be the reason why I am disagree about the statement . 	CHI
I think success can be achieve in different way , not only by take risk and chance . in the come paragraph , different point will be state and discuss in order to properly analyze the statement give . first of all , success can be a relative term , because for some it may mean own a private jet and have million of dollar , but for other success could simply be have a good , small business that maintain their family and give them a decent life . not everybody want the same thing , some just want to live a quiet , normal life and nothing more . take a risk be a possibility , but never a sure thing . also , it ' S difficult to achieve succes in life , since it require many ability from a person . there be many key ingredient involve in the process of MAYBE achieve success . it take hard work , dedication , be fully prepare and intelligence . usually people do n't acheive success by accident . it take year and year , and sometimes that be not enough . just because a person have all those ingredient do n't guarantee them a bright future full of rich . most people have work hard all their life but have n't get anywhere they want to go . another important point be the fact that succes can be achieve by do what a person already know how to do well . sometimes it ' S as simple as that . To work hard at you ' re craft and make smart move can equally take you towards success . for example , if a person study economics and end up work at the NYCSE , he can achieve a fortune by just put to work all those year of study he do in college or university . by just apply his knowledge to the stock market and make smart choice , he can become rich , but he can also lose it all . it ' S not so much about risk but about make smart choice . in conclusion , I would like to be clear that while many people have take risk and try new thing in order to achieve succes , where some have win many more have fail . success be never a sure thing , and even if a person achieve it , the possibility still exist that it wo n't last for long . once you get to the top , the only other way to go be down , sicne it ' S not only difficult to reach the top but to be able to stay there . so in the end I do n't agree with the statement give . nothing in life be certain , only death and taxis . 	SPA
I agree with this statement , but I would also say that nowadays be even a lot of young people , who help in their community , but most of them be not be register . I think , the reason why some many young people do not spend enough time or even no time help their community be that our whole society have growen during the last century . the result of this development be that our society be anonyme and there be no real community . during the last thirty year , I think , most of the community growed into large city , because of the processe of globalization , which be a mant factore , why community break and even break . in this case it be not really suprising that many young people do not spend enough time to help their community . another reason , why I think this development be not suprinsing , be that the most city and community do not offer the young people the oppertunity to help . for example in germany , where I live , the government decide to close more than the half of institution where young people can get into and help the community , maybe to plan a party for the whole community or even a special event on eastern . this aspect be also the reason why I say that the most do not recognize that a lot of young people support the community , because they do it in private organisation or only for their own . so my conclusion be that it be not only the fault of the young perosns that they do not help so much , because they can not change the development of last year and of the processe of globalization and also they can not influence the decision of the government , because most of them be not allow to vote , because of their age . however , I think that young perosns be responsible for the communtiy and so I think they should support them in anyway . I also try to support my communtiy . I live in a village with a large and beautiful landscape . the problem be that this area be shape into two statepart and so no state think that it be responsible for save this area . so , the young member of the ride club , include my own , clean it twice a year . however the state government do not realise that . 	GER
the car , actually , be one of most important issue in my country . One part of the population think that reduction be impossible . nevertheless , it will be necessary to reduce the traffic because of the pollution , traffic accident and the rise of the gas . however it will be realistic if only public transport be improve . pollution be a enormous probleme on earth . we know exactly that car have get a big responsibility . car accident cause plenty of death and hurt . alcohol and speed be principally involve . the price of the gas have be edge up for a long time . it certainely will continu . however , the regulation will be effective only if public transport be improve . we have to provide to the population an effective subway , railroad , reliable and not too expensive . this represent a challenge . but in regard of the pollution , accident and the price , this will be very attractive only if public transport be improve . 	FRE
I agree successful people will try new thing and take the risk . first of all , when we be young , we try lot of new thing because we have to , but sometime , we take risk to be successed . I believe successful people be different than normal people , they will not scared the risk so they try the new thing . therefore , we always enjoy new high technolgy product because they try . secondly , if people just do they same thing over and over , they willnot know what the good at and they will never improve themselve , they should try new thing when they be young , to tell yourself you can be do what another people do , even good than them . for example , you be vice president in company , because you do a good job in the company , but the president get fire , you want to keep your position or get the high position if you take the risk which be get fire from the boss . you never know if you do n't try . Thridly , since we already do well in something , why you do n't chanllage high level to widen your eye . if you know the mistake you have make , you just do n't take the mistake again , and then next time you will do well . so on you will be successed in your job . for example , you work in one store for a long time , you already try lot of thing , learn a lot in the store , you know how to run a company and do well , and now you want to open your own store , you just need to take risk and make yourself successed . in couclusion , it ' S because lot of people try new thing and they be successful , so that oue live standand be get mych more high , we ca n't stop all the time , otherwise , our live never improve . 	CHI
Travel be an activity that could be trace as far as the beginning of humanity . Thank to travel remote land be populate , empire be build and civilization be conquer . over the century , travel have have a social connotation : an activity that it be usually do in group . however , that do not mean that it be a uniquely social activity . many individual often travel by themselves and enjoy individual travel . Travel be either a leassure or a business activity . for the purpose of this essay , and due to the nature of the question , leassure travel will be address . Tourism be a multibillion dollar business that respond to a wide range of market demand . over the year , it have become more and more refined . a person , or a family can find from vacation package to the Caribbean to tour to the space . travel in group lead by a tour guide be often well organize trip : the number of people be set , the destination be well assesed , the timing for each activity be carefully structure and the tour guide be usually a tourist professional . people bond together when travel in a group . in addition , and because of economy of scale , another potential benefit of group travel be the low and more affordable cost for the tourist . group travel be often cheap than individual travel . however , group travel lead by a tour guide may also have disadvatages . people in tour group be tie to the destination , schedule and timing of the tour . if someone want to visit a different place or stay longer in a stop , it be likely that such option be not available . also , they be often tie to the meal and hotel offer by the tour . so , if a person do not like any of these , it would be very hard - or more costly - to change it . in summary , people who travel in group lead by a tour guide be more restricted than when travel by themselves . there be no right or wrong answer for advocate or reject group travel lead by a tour guide . it depend on the individual or family ' S preference , as well as on the available budget , and ultimately the degree of privacy and restriction that a person be comfortable with when travel . 	SPA
I agree with the fact that it be important for student to understand the idea and concept than to learn fact . idea and concept be two essential factor for learn . idea be the way by which one would learn about something by his past knowledge , by his past experience or by your imagination . concept be the one that provide you the with the fundamental of learn thing . take an example of car and an aircraft . both be different object for tranportation . the idea behind develop them be to develop different mean of tranportation fulfill the different need of human . the basic concept involve in develop them be the different law of motion , pure science . the fact be that a car be use for transport on land whereas an aircraft be use as mean of tranport in air . it be important for a student to understand the idea and concept rather than learn the fact first . the fact can be learn once you be proficient with the idea and concept . if they only know the fact and not the concept , their learning would be limit . if they continue to learn thing this way ( by know fact ) , they would not be able to apply knowledge of their learning . Emphasing further , it would be important for the student to learn the idea and concept first which when combined would give rise to fact . thus a student if learn the basic idea and concept of law of motion could automatically understand the fact involve with that . idea and concept , fact be different way of learn thing . but idea and concept be the foundation pillar of your knowledge . your building ( knowledge ) strength lie in your foundation and not on our asthetic view ( in this case the fact learning ) which just give a shallow knowledge about the strength of your building founadtion . 	HIN
the lack of social commitment among young have be a common perception since always . it be very common to listen on medium or simply when old people be chat , that yougsters don-t participate or that they be not interested on the community problem . however , I disagree completely with this opinion , not only because I think that it be only a prejudice , but also because from my own experience I can state the oposite . on one hand , the base in with the opinion that yougnsters don-t give enough time to help their community lay be the comparison with the behaviour of old people nowadays and in the past , when they be young . in the first case , it seem to me that there be no data to support any different behaviour between the different generation . in my opinion , what create this perception be the recall or past day , which never be accurate . in the second case , I think that the great demonstration that happen during the 60s and 70s relate with the war that take place and the stress between the Eastern and Western block help in a large extent to magnificy the false impression that youngster use to be more commited . on the other hand , I can say from my own experience that young people dedicate time to help their community . I collaborate as a volunteer in a local ONG and there , the great majority of the volunteer be as young as me or even young . but young people be also commited with their community in many other way that perhaps be no so visible as struggle in demonstration . I have friend who form part of political party and who be very active in any action that be carry out into the community . in conclusion , young people be as commited with their community as they use to be . the reason why it be believe that their commitment have change be that the way of participate help the community be less visible , as can be an ONG . 	SPA
well , i opine in consense with the statement give . yes , i actually prefer to be assist by a tour guide when i be travel as a group . the reason that support my argument be disclose as under ! . firstly it would be of great advantage to be accompany by a guide because it prove to be beneficial to be direct in a place which a group be not well acquaint with . it be good to be guide in a place which be new to us because it prevent the group of tourist be split up in case of any misshappening ! . therefore the group be lead in a unison prevent the chaos of lose some member . hence it save a lot of time to concentrate on the purpose oftravel . secondly employ a guide provide us the detail of all the important place to be visit . therefore it provide us with a good review of all the important place without miss any . this again save us time in search out for place to be visit ! . third pont of advantage of employ a guide be that of the awareness of the place visit . a guide really provide us with very valuable information as of how , why , when and other related question of the place visit . therefore it be of great advantage as the knowledge regard the place be complete . another advantage be that of the communication with the people of that habitat ! . this be really very important because the right way of communication with the local people might be really very difficult in most of the case . this might mislead a group in know certain thing for example the whereabouts or a route to a monument for that matter . therefore if a guide be accompany us we need not really face the communication problem as he translate the dialect of the local people and speak out that be really understand by us . another important advantage be that a guide might really help us to sort out our accomodation at an economical place in case we be pay more for the stay than we be actually mean to pay . this again prove us an economic advantage of employ a guide ! . therefore from the reason which i have disclose i really favour employ a guide although it be a bit expensive . 	TEL
after World War II , one of the bloody battle of history , a more pacifist community appear by the important and helpful assistance of international organization . since then , society be naturally want to live in peace without any conflict therein . moreover , this perception be support by economics and particularly 1980s be a significant corner for young people who be educate by their parent closely live the damage of war around the world . hence young people start to feel themselves isolate from the society and their major purpose be the ocuupation and money make as much as they can . nowadays , young people do not give enough time to help their community . I complety agree with this statement because of several reason . young people want to enjoy their time before computer screen and video game and they wish to realize their career goal without pay attention to society . no matter how the percentage be , it be obvious that young people love video game . an increase number of video game be experienced and young people avoid from be with their family member , friend and even the member of community . yet community handle various problem which be to be resolve without lose time . for instance , unemployment be a major event for today ' S society . young people appreciate play video game instead of search for solution to unemployment . since young people be more energic and active , they can be involve in project look for solution to unemployment . besides , young people be much focus on money make istead of fundemental social problem of community . it be doubtless that career golas be important for young people but major community problem would eventually effect the large number of individual soon . in the last decade of 20th centuty , foundation play a great role in society because of their supportive function and weel organized structure as weel . be that as it may , regard be to be have on the fact that a widely participation of young people lead to this success at that time . in a nutshell , I strongly believe that young people nowadays do not give enoung time to help their community . probably it originate from mislead of youngers both in school or family but whatever the reason be government should definetely bring a detailed insight to this situation and product solution otherwise whole of the society will encounter different problem . this be because young people be those on whom the society be be build . 	TUR
do I agree ? well , I do not agree . I be young once and I ' m get old now , so that make me somewhat an expert in the matter . first of all there be many reason that would not support that theory , such as : inexperience , Carelesness , Finaces and the fact that youngster think that they know it all . let elaborate on the first one ; it summarize in one phrase , ` ` a person can only gain experience one day at the time . ' ' Finances , be a big deal big deal in your young year , you be live on a tight budget and most of the time you can not adhere to it , because all the medium , peer pressure and nevertheless inmaturity . Finaces can very easy make your young year hard and like we all know that generate an snowball effect on everything else . move on , carelesness and ` ` know-it-all syndrome ' ' , what can I say , in a way they all derive from eachother . these theory be back up by fact and figure that wont lie , I live through them . these be the reason why I do not agree with that statement ; old people be wise , more thougthful , financialy secure and of course more careful about do again the stupid thing they do in their early year . also when you be old there be a great chance that you be finacially secure , and can afford the nice thing in life . in conclusion , as we all know , life be a race . . . so by far old people the winner in this race . 	SPA
take risk and try new thing have in common one thing : they be scary or , at least , they be not as comfortable as do always the same thing . yet , I be conviced that they be necessary in order to be successful . risk can be frightening - I will not deny it . however , if you do not risk , you miss important opportunity to improve your condition . every decision in life , from everyday to once-in-a-lifetime one , imply some risk . if you be not able to take risk , this mean that you be not able to take challenging decision , with the obvious result . furthermore , in certain situation , take a risk can make the difference between someone who just accept what he or she have ( but might regret what he or she have not ) and someone who be really satisfy . just think of a recently graduate student who receive a very interesting offer which require move to another country : should he stay home and try to find an average job or accept it ? I be convinced he should accept it and leave straight away , otherwise he might simply regret it for the rest of his life . on a less personal level , there be contest where try new thing be almost mandatory . this be the case for example of researcher : question the status quo , try out different possible solution be necessary in order to find out new thing - and where would the world be wihtout new invention ? I can not imagine a researcher who do not want to try new thing . for all these reason , I be conviced that successful people be those who be not afraid of risk . people who just keep do what they be good at just miss out opportunity - because that be what a change really be . 	ITA
some people say that student have to learn fact rather than to understand idea and concept . they insist that learn fact get a chance to be more develop technology . however , I agree that it be important for student to understand concept . first , understanding concept can entail fact . second , when student enter the university , they can be applicable other field . I will explain in detail . more than anything else , understanding idea can get a chance to obtain fact more . ususally , lot of people think that relation between understanding concept and learn fact be separate with each other . however , coherent understanding idea can result in learn fact . let me take a friend of mine for example . when he be in university , he make an effort to study exclusive idea . from exclusive idea , he could make a conclusion such as math formular . he always tell me that it be easy to people for memorize fact , however , the fact do n't be memorable for a long time . if you understand concept , you can memorize for a long time . it show that boy and girl can understand concept . in addition , if they enter the university , they can be cpplicable other field . when some student enter the university , they have trouble about their major . this be because they learn fact . as time go by , student ca n't think about thing that they educate when they be in high school . however , other people get a chance to expand other field . moreover , they can be applicable for their major . in the futy 	KOR
travel be always an enjoyable , sometimes tedious , leisure acitivity . nowadays , with travel being such a normal thing to do , one be confront with the choice of choose between travel with a group and , or by yourself . so , can the one choice be good than the other ? first of all , most of the time , travel with a group tend to be relatively cheap and with the tour guide usually be a local , allow the tourist to receive additional information during the trip . also , since the tour guide be do this for his living , preferably as a professional career , it be ensure that the quality and quantity of the information give during the trip will be good than a tour organise by one ' S self . secondly , a point that be often miss be the socialise factor . while travel with a group , it be impossible for one not to get to know anyone . it be not a give though , that one ' s fellow cohort be as gregarious as one ' S self . lastly , efficiency be the key , mean so much as : see a lot with little time . this allow the traveller to see as much as possible in a limited time . on the other hand , efficiency , such as many other thing , be a double-sided sword . be as efficient as possible prevent the tourist from savour his moment during his travel , such as Mt . RUSHmore for example . on the other hand , travel without a group release the tourist from the shackle of time . one can enjoy every moment of the tour , go back to an exhilirating sight , or just relax for a day - freedom be the key element here . inform one ' S self be of the essence when travel without a tour guide though , since nothing can be bad than a tourist without an idea what he be do . this do n't mean that one may not opt for a private tour guide though . of course , all of this come with a price . with this one can conclude if one want a truly informative and economically feasible trip one should opt to travel with group . yet if one want to truly appreciate the true enjoyment of travel , savour every moment of one ' S trip , then one should opt for the other . 	GER
have you ever experience it ? help ohteres often give you a special feeling of joy and confidence . but I think nowadays only a few young people have experience it . many young people do not give enough time to help their comunities . let us begin with an example in my own community . when I take a look at the group Sise of our local Red Cross facility , I could see a continually decrease of member . sometimes we do n't know how to fill the sceduals . One reason for this be maybe the little time many student and people have nowadays . if you want to compete for a good job or a high education you have to work hard and so you have less time for other thing . but when we take a close look , everybody should have more free time than it use to be . many new invention let us complete everyday routine much quicker , for example computer and telecomunications . I think the real problem today be the change of lifestyle . it seem like every day we get a new possibility how to use our free time , for instance waching the lates movie or get to the newly opend bar in the city . young people do help in their comunities because they think they have to try all these posibilities . but all these new thing do n't improve your feeling of confidence . when some people would get acive in their community they would experience how much fun it be to help . in conclusion I agree to the statement but I think help in community could be easily improve if people try it . you be often more often give you more happiness than do thomet 	GER
I agree be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . I think you have to know the source of the fact not only the answer . the how and why be important to understand the fact . I think be more important understand concept and idea for two reason : you know the source of the fact and you learn more about one topic . first , when you understand idea and concept from the beginning you be able to understand the fact well . when you only know the fact you ignore how start . for example you know that a earthquake be danger and the earth move , but if you know the concept and the idea you can take precaution and stay save , even you can move to some place where dont have earthquake . second , this help you to study and learn about one materia . you can answer how and why and this be go to give you a deep knowledge about one area . for example you know if you put the hand in the fire you go to burn . if you know the concept and the idea you know what to to after the burn . maybe you need go to the hospital or only put an antibacterial oinment . in other word know the concept an idea give you an extraordinary advantage over the student only learn fact . you know how , why and 	SPA
travel have become part of our live such as eating , drinking , exercise etc . . but why do people travel a lot nowadays ? FirsfThe reason why people be willing to travel be to be open to other culture and tradition , they can also meet other people from a different ethnic background or religion in order to exchange new idea and form opinion from all that or simply take a short period of time to relax and that be call ` vacation ' . in fact , when we decide to travel , we usually need someone to lead us otherwise we ' ll get lose and be deceive , moreover we might also find it really tire and fruitless since everything be new to us we need some time to get accustomed to that new country . on the one hand , we can buy guiding book and map and on the other hand we can hire a tour guide . which one of the above means be effective ? in my opinion , a tour guide be necessary because he can be really helpful by make us visit the most interesting spot or the famous one and it ' s easier of course as we wo n't to rent a car or look for taxis everytime we need to visit a new place . moreover , he ' ll be well acquaint to his native country and tell us additional thing that sometimes be n't reveal in book and we can ask him all the question we would like to ask whereas by use a book , we do n't get really satisfy with the result and it do n't all that huge amount of information give by that guide . another interesting point be the reason why people prefer travel by group instead of travel alone be because they just want to enjoy their time and leave some souvenir of that trip . at last , accord to my experience , i would suggest that the good way of travel would be in group and guide by a tour . 	FRE
Everyone have different opinion , it depend on different background . the one who agree that travel should let by a tour guide may think it will save more time , much cheap , and effeicent . the other think travel by themselves maybe a good choice , they think they can travel by their own plan , do whatever they want . by compare the pro and con , i think the former one be good and more instriument to lead by a tour guide . I will explian it and give some concrete example . firstly , lead by a tour guide will save much more time . let us image , we walk in a fablous city , we appreciate the amazing view , the lake be so beautiful , the weather be so nice , and we just walk and walk without stop , finally we can not even move a foot , after whole day walking , we just see the nature view of the city . the city be big , and we be small , it be impossible for us to reach every corner of the city , we do not know which place be famous , which way be a shortcut , which bus we should take . however if we have a tour guide , everything will become easy . the tour guide will lead us to the interesting place , some famous , but more importantly some other we will never have the chance to know or find them if we do not have a tour guide , the guide will aslo tell us how to get there , which bus should we take . be not great feeling that you do not need think anything , but just have fun . secondly , it will save more money . the tour guide always have some discount from the majority hotel and suite , they can easily book a room with a low price . they can give us many coupon when we buy something . thirdly , it consider more efficient . we can visit much more place than we do not have a guide . when we arrive at the airport , there be a bus just outside wait for us ; when we go to a resturant , the meal be ready for us ; when we need to leave , someone be tell us . last but not least , we can share our experience with other group member , we can easily find some to take a picture for you . in conclusion , to travel in a group lead by a tour guide can save more time , save more money and help you arrange thing more efficently . 	CHI
be the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ? there be go to be million of place that you may have not see or never hear before , new culture to explore , new way of learn of do something that probably you do n't even think it exist . travel with a tour guide it ' S probably a good choice if your idea be go and see the city , to know waht it ' s the history behind it , but if your thing it ' S not that than it ' S not a good choice travel with a tour guide . in my personal experience i have always want to see the city for myself , but in my case i ' m also more intersted in the nightlife too , so i think that i will not be take the tour guide to a night out in the city which i prefer spend it with my friend out . another thing would depend on what it ' s your perspective of view thing and on your own personal way o thinking and also in the point of life that you be live , me as a student would prefer go with a group of friend and that ' S it , but probably in @card@ more year i would rather see the city , the history , what it consist of , than just another night out with the guy . so what i ' m say it ' S that there be certain point of life be you want to do certain thing or you do n't , travel with a tour guide it ' S great to see the city for what it be and not only an structure , for what people have live before in there , so take a tour guide will depend after all on what your main idea of the trip be , and what the whole point would be after everything ! 	SPA
go be the day when people use to say ` ` Jack of all trade and master of none ' ' . today in this competitive era , the time have come when we should rephrase this popular say that ` ` jack of all trade become the master . ' ' I feel that a person have wide knowledge succeed in life . although specialization be need to excell in certain field but in the develop society where everyone be busy in the race of cat and dog , one have to excell in every field . we can take the example of so many scientific experiment which have lead to a new discovery . even a simple biological experiment require the effort of people from different field such as chemist and physicist . have there be no chemist to provide chemical and reagent for purify DNA and have there not be any physicist to develop machinery for us , we would not have sequenced the genetic material in us , and the use of these require the knowledge of these area . the various exam such as the one i be give also make us realise that it be good to have broad knowldge of many academic subject . also , i feel that have a broad knowledge increase the learning and application power . we can think big and put in our vast knowledge to do great innovation . we should have general study about the culture and history even if we study science . in various intervews and examination , the questionairre be not from what we have learn specifically but about our knowledge and i feel its good too because this can only tell how we know about thing happen around us . broad knowledge not only help us lead a successful life but also make us an improve human be . it help us in good understanding and thus lead a good life . 	HIN
, it be the reality that on one can change the reality . on the other hand , there be a good way to alter reality in our mind . advertisement be very effective way to create convincing thought about something . every research about advertisement or advertised product indicate that advertisemments have power to manipulate the people ' S thought regard product . in our Tv or Show Business time , many celebreties or popular people have be create by our Media , and it should be acceptted that we love this popular people and grant importance their idea . so the company use and benefit from this situation . you can see many different actor , actress and singer as part of advertisement . I believe that if a one love the Micheal Jackson and and see the Micheal Jackson in the Pepsi ' S advertisement , after this instance , Pepsi strongly take its place his or her mind . secondly , Advertisements introduce the product withhout presting their pejorative sepeciliaties . for instance if buy the microwave oven , you can not nuke something it near the baby or radition sensitive people . but it be impoosible to see any warning regard microwave radition in the advertisement . in Sum , Advertisements be very powerfull tool for affect people ' thought about specific product . Researhes and statistic indicate that advertised product be more popular than not advertiseed product . seller and company use celebries in order to affect people and they avoid to state the negative reality about product . 	TUR
I agree with this satement that most advertisment make product seem much good than they really be , because of follow reason . there be many accident concern with over advertisemnts in recently . because of development of Internet , people can buy good any time they want . this convenience cause many trouble . people depend on information provide by other who people not know at all . but , they have confident information includeing advertisnements on not only Internet but also magazine and CMs , because people have not other informetion . so , not only I but also many people feel it be not as wellas the advertisement say . in fact , I have an experience . I like to read book and I find an article in Internet about a book to find grest book . the book be wriiten about history in which I be imterested . I find , buy , and read it . however , all I find be this book be boring . the reason I want to read this be the word : this book make a big change on your life , becasue storys i theis book be write interestly . I do not like study history but read about history . I excite it must be write like novel , but the book like a textbook I use in class . so , since this time , I do not buy any book which I can not see the surface . because of the reason , I agree with that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . additionally , compernyes try to make product seem much good . this be also the reason to make people feel that this be good product . 	JPN
traviling be a very nice thing , it hepls you see new coultcurs and to meet new poeplo , there be alot of way for traviling and i believe that the good way be to travil with a group lead by a tour guide , becuse when you go to a new country u will need someone to gide u aroud u will never know where to go or what to do alone only if u have someone to guide u to show you the good and the most important part of the city you be in the guide will have a plan to show you every thing in the city so u wont miss a thing and also if u need a help he can help u or if u dont speck the languej of that country you be in he can help u with that to for exaple if u be in paris and u dont speck French what can u do if u be alone ? ? at that time a guide would help you alot , and to be with a gruop be so much fun than beeing alone thats where u can meet new people make new friendes and enjoy your time and its also much cheeper to travel with a group rather than traviling alone so it would save you alot of monye to for example if want to go anywere u will have to take a cab but if u be with a group u can go on the bus it would be much cheeper , thats why i agree that traviling with a group lead by a tour guide be the good way to travil . 	ARA
I do not agree with this statement , car have be the most effective tool of tranport for half a century . I do n't think tool , such as airplane , ship , or any other can easily replace car in twenty year . car nowadays need petrol as feul , this have become a great problem because the amount of petrol we can gain access to be limit on out planet . lot of scientist say that as long as we do n't find other effective fuel for car , we would n't be able to drive in a few decade . however , corporation such as Toyota , Ford , Hyundai and many other have develop their technology to use hydrogen and electricity as the main power source of car . Thease car do not require petrol , and therefore we will not need to find a substitute for car in twenty year . the world have grow rapidly during the past century . city expand its size and population see growth in most city . this growth bring new need to people , a fast and cheap transport . city have grow enormously , place that we can go in @card@ minute by car would take us a few hour or more on foot . car have become a necessary element in modern society . the world be keep grow , city be become even large , and population be still grow , especially in India and China . the growth the world will see in twenty year will bring more and more need for car . also , car will become cheap over time , as it do for the past decade , and it will allow people that could n't afford car to buy them , Cars will become more necessary over time . during the growth in the past few decade , our city have develop in a way which it can allow car to transport most efficiently . car be allways take into consideration , we have road , underground passges , bridge , parking lot , and all kind of system for car . this system have layed its root deeply into our city , and unless we change this whole system during the next twenty year in our city , car will still be the most efficient way of transporting , and people will not stop use them . car have be by our side for half a century , it have make transport much easy and fast , and it be also become cheap , which allow more people to afford them . as long as there be n't huge change , or as long as we do n't creat a more effective tool than car , car will still be in use around the whole world twenty year later . 	KOR
the issue at hand be whether successful people should take risk or do what they already know how to do well . the issue be important because we be face with a lot of daily ` ` risk ' ' in this manner . I believe that one should try new thing and explore all the oppurtunities around him/her . I believe this because ' life be full of risk and if someone ( a successful person ) do not take any risk , then he/she will end up losing/missing a lot of good oppurtunities that the life bring in . first of all , I believe that all the risk generally offer a great benefit in return . if one do not want to take any risk , he/she will receive no benefit . for example , a bank offer you a new type of bond which can bring you an additional income of @card@ $ per year . that be great ! why not go get it , and go for a @card@ $ bring ' ' safe type ' ' because ` ` you already know how to do it well ' ' . in my opinion , a person who go for a @card@ $ be not aware of his/her ability , and it be a shame to not to take a risk . in my view , a successful person would never miss it , and that be why they be call successful ! secondly , life be full of risk and one can not be successful by choose to stay conservative . everyday , life bring in thousand of new oppurtunities to a lot of people and most of those oppurtunities can add beauty to your life ( of course not everything be relate to money ) . for example , take a risk and join a good club to meet new people : beauty can be in term of friendship , why not ? that be why , I believe that a person who always go for what he/she already know can never discover new oppurtunities in life , but a successful person utilize these oppurtunities in all the good way . finally , in my opinion , successful people do not lose oppurtunities . when one observe , I believe that one can infact detect successful people by detect their risk-taking behaviour . successful people be generally the one who not only takem but ` ` catch ' ' more risk . To summarize , I would like to say/and suggest that everyone should take more risk to be more successful . take risk will always bring them good thing in many way that will make them successful . if Napoleon Bonapart be alive , I believe he would say ` ` risk , risk , risk , success , success , success ' ' instead of ` ` money , money , money ' ' . 	TUR
someone might say that young people enjoy life more than old people do . I personally agree with this statement . I know that there be many example that seem to prove the contrary but I think that they be absolutely not the norm . a young person be far more athletic and healthy than an old one . and , thing not to undervaluate , it have less responsibility . when you get rid of all the thing you have to worry about , life become instantaneously more enjoyable . so less responsibility , less thing to worry . another reason be obviously the atletic stae of the body . at a certain age there be just a lot of movement you have difficulty to do , so even a simple action like , for example , ride a bike or running become hard to do . and when you can not do such basic movement you can not accomplish more complicated task . Health be another important factor . who enjoy go to the pharmacy or , bad , to the hospital ? old people have to take care of their body continously , maybe take pill or other medical treatment of some sort . and when you be not at that point , you know that sooner or later you will . but the body be nothing without the mind . it ' S scientifically prove that at a certain age the mental ability of an individuos start to decrease dramatically . this have consequence on the whole body activity but let ' s just concentrate on the mind aspect . even those activity which do n't involve physical activity be preclude . a chess match , crossword , and any other kind of that stuff . this problem list here be all problem that a normal person would n't have if he or she be young . so the conclusion be that when you be in the middle of you youth ( and do n't have any serious problem of other sort ) , you have all the door open and that these door keep close while the year pass by . 	ITA
in my opinion the staement list on the right do n't consider the reality . the world be turn into a medical knowledge world . by that I mean that medication in this year save thousand of people in the world . the death rate in the world be decrease time after time . nowadays we can compete with nearly all infection in the world , accept the HIV virus . but as we all know , also the HIV infection in the world be decrease . people do care more about their health . the government encourage smoker to quit smoking , the USA help other country by provide them food . this all lead to an increase of population in the world . another aspect be that freedom of opportunity . in our year we do n't have slavery or other criminal action , besides war , that can lead to death . the USA and other country provide starve African kid with food and medication . they also teach them the knowledge which be general to us , for example use a condom to prevent the most known virus in the world HIV . more High Economic Countries help citizen of country with low economy to share tequinical knowledge , which help these citizen to grow their economy . thus the people have a longer living time . through all these factor in my opinion people will drive more car than today . car get cheap , because the production of car will get easy with new tecnology . thus people will buy more car or some might have more than one car for themselves . in short term , when the population of the world increase the more car we will have in twenty year . we all know that it be comfortable to drive a car to get from one point to another . this will in my opinion not change in the next twenty year . 	GER
I really agree with the statement . in Italy , the place where I live there be a lot of advertisement that make product seem much good than they really be , I hope these advertisement will disappear because I think that the the way how people spend money it ' S not a joke . I could write a lot of example about these stuff . I have a friend , Kate , she buy a shower gel that ensure her body skin to become smooth just like silk , but it be n't the truth ! another example could be the lcd television that clerk encourage you to buy with the promise of a great view and a lot of light , but then you discover that you need to submit a new pay-per-view frequence to see it . in past I have a lot of argue with people who sell these kind of stuff . I do n't want to say that be always the same , sometimes there be a lot of thing that seem to be great trought advertisement and after you buy them you discover they be really pretty good . in my life I do n't like lie , and I do n't like liar people , and I really hate who promise you something and then you discover it be just a bad lie , and I think that these people deserve law judgment and to go in jail especially when they handle other people ' S money . I think that in the time that we live with a lot of diffusion it ' s important for economy to be clear , because have a clear economy be the first step for people to trust in their own government and make world work in the right direction . in my opinion it ' S important to have law that allow people to trust in advertising and make advertisement clear and sure for people who buy someting without bad surprices . 	ITA
` ` Enjoy when you can ! this be one of the quote , many people put as their favorite . many people enjoy their life , not regard of how old they be , what kind of situation they be in , or how rich/poor they be . all people can actually enjoy their life if they see their life in positive way and put effort to make it colorful by experience variety of different activite and challenge many new thing in their life . happiness come along with the way how you see and think of it . if human-beings see the world in positive way , they could always find more enjoyment in their life . be with family and friend can bring the joyful time to them . anybody can enjoy life if they want to . in these day , there be so many old people , do what only young people could do back in the day . as the society develop and many new technology be invent , there be now more activity old-aged can enjoy too . for example , the government be introduce more job and hobby for old people to enjoy . enjoy life be not depend on the age or situation people be belong to . it do not matter how old they be . it matter with how they decorate their life with many experience and challenge . 	KOR
the speaker hit truth when he say that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . commercial be originally a mode of inform consumer about the availability of a product . but over the year , the sheer innocence of an old banner proclaim the opening of a new KFC restaurant in the neighbourhood have be lose in the relentless wrath of commercialisation . today , a commercial inform the viewer of what the product actually be would not even be notice , much less lure prospective buyer to a hopeful brand . in the deadlock of efficient brand we find ourselves in today , advertisement need to be one step ahead of each other , a phenomenon previously see only amongst the firm employ them . and this very much involve enhance the feature of the product they endorse . the world of advertising revolve around competition offer by other , and that have bring it to such a stage where enhance a product be a common practice . probably the most appropriate example would be that of a recent advertisement my eye fall on a few day back . it promise of a ` ` mansion drape in greenery ' ' , but the actual house be ironically different . it be a modest two bedroomed flat , hardly something you could refer to as a mansion . but sometimes advertisement cross the limit of what would still be classify as acceptable . perhaps the most blatant of these be the one employ by the automobile industry . in a recent controversy , one automobile dealer in New Delhi be fine and bar from operate for a year because he have promise a prospective buyer a sedan , which turn out be be a mess of pure lie and thievery . although sheer malpractice be evident in this ` ` enhancement ' ' of product , some people still advocate the validity of these advertisement . a recent survey in the United States of America bring to light a staggering number of people who see nothing wrong in this new trend . it only go to show one thing ; that we have learn to live with it and although unwanted , it have become an integral part of advertising today . so much so , that all you need to do to be sure of it be look into the local newspaper . even though it might not tickle our fancy , if statistic be anything to go by , this practice be here to stay . 	HIN
I have a quite open opinion about the statement that ` ` in twenty yearsthere will be few car in use than there be today ' ' . on the one hand I would totally agree this . each day you can read somewhere in the newspaper , how the price if petroil increase from day to day . Petroil reach his high price and there might be no decrease in the next year . as well as the limited oil reserve which begin to reduce every hour , it will be difficult to drice a car . perhaps people will wake up and use the public transport , like the bus or train . that would lead to a good environment , because pollution and noise would reduce . as we could also see with the transrapid the public transportation development be great . on the other hand we all see that there be no end of new car produce . nearly each inhabitant over @card@ - year have once drive a car . unfortunately for a lot of people , car be a symbol of standard and lifestyle . they like to express their positon in the society . some also dont want to give up drive a car , because it be a comfortable way of get somewhere quick and easily . for a lot of people , especially man , car be more than only a thing to transport them . it be a play thing , which they like to show and compare with other . conclusively , I think there will be few car in twenty year because some people in future have to stop drive their own car . insurance and petroil will become too expensive , when the price will further increase . 	GER
Learning be a very big process , the more we learn much more be leave out to learn , it be an endless process . the adcademic subject be mean to learn many thing that relate our life to the scuience and technology that we be use to lead our life . in school we study common subject like English , mathematics , science , social etc which make us learn the basic relate to the subject . by the end of our schooling we will have some knowledge about what each subject describe and we will be leave out to choose few subject to continue our study . it be good to have knowledge about all the academic subject than to specialize in one subject . it be essential to know about each and every subject as we implement all the subject in our life and we should have some basic knowledge about them . after reach to certain level of learn in all the subject with our own interest we can emphasize on learn one particular subject . this will build self confidence in us and improve our skill as we try to learn thing on self preparation . we can take the theory provide by people who work in the subject which we be interested and study them to give solution to the problem which be not give by them . this will make us learn new thing relate to the subject and improve our skill in a good manner . work in a single field be often say as research work . this need dedication towards the work and patience in do the work . its take much time to present a thesis on a particular topic , even few year . this can be acheived only after pass certain stage of learn so in beg its good to have comprehend knowledge on all the subject and as we move on in our life we can learn and dedicate ourself to a single subject . 	TEL
that be right that some people think that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . I will explain in this writing which be my opinion . I be @card@ year old and then I be just an adult . that mean that I hear this statement there be not a long time . in fact , all grandparent or parent say that their child do not do all they must do for the community . then they think that young people nowadays do not give enought time to help their community . they always say that their childhood be more difficult than it be for us . it be very boring when all the time parent be against you do or have do . that be why , I am disagree with this statement . I will explain much good the reason in a second paragraph . this statement be for my opinion wrong . in fact a lot of people help old age people when they need some help . they often help their parent at home and they do a lot of activity . I think that help the community do not you ? go to school be not really help the community at the begining . but if young people do not do study the community will fall down because we need people who have do a lot of study to manage the other . for my point of view old people think that because they do thing which do not do . like to go to see old people in their house , do activity for their town like organize the next party . . . that be activity that we do not have any time to do . because between the course , the sport and generally social activity it be difficult to find a moment to do what they do . as a conclusion , like you have see I be really disagree with this statement . and I do not like when my grandmother say me that ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 	FRE
I disagree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . in my high school in California , lot of student form the small tutor group in order to help those student who have questio in perticular subject or who live in pool family . they meet everyday after school in the library , not only study their homework but also help other student . yet there be some student who could n't pay the money to the test-prep school or the college-prep program in community college ; those who form the tutor group would answer almost all the question those helpless student have . I be one of those helpless student because I just arrive from foreign country ; however , they help me improve my English ability . now I participate in the group and teach other student in Math and Chinese . as young people , I think my classmate and my friend all do a good job in help the community . I believe that there be other student group in other school that be do the same job . in summer time , most of my friend would participate to take care of the child or old people . some of those child have no parent , some of them be abandon . once a time I participate in the service , I read storey to them . at first I be think of practice my English reading ability ; however , I cry after I go home because I feel I want to do more for them but I could n't . I ask more of my friend to join this service , and we all learn different thing from it . One of my friend she have once participate in a service in a hospital . she talk to the old people , and then she read the book and newspaper to them . she tell me that , participate in a community service be a really different expericence , and it would lead you to lear more about life , about help other people but not ask the reward of it . young people do participate to help their community without speak of it loudly ; they choose to help the society silently . once they join it , they would continue the service . 	CHI
have broad knowledge of many academic subject play essential role in our life . broad knowledge effect our analysis of event and it also determine how we will think in certain situation . it be difficult to think about the topic that you have not hear before . you can not even express your feeling without have knowledge about that topic . it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject rather than to specialize in one subject . specialization would restrict your world view and also it be difficult to decide in which subject you be go to specialize so in that case you would lose your other chance . specialization should occur after the broad knowledge of many academic subject . for instance I be study International Relations and my department underline the importance of have broder knowledge . I could not just focus on Cold War without have knowledge of the result of First World War . also the broad knowledge of many academic subject will help you to analyze the event in different dimension , with the broad knowledge that I have , I can analyze the action of state in different aspect . in addition ; if you specialize in one specific subject , you would not even know so many thing about other subject . it seem dangerous . it be difficult to face with a subject you do not have any opinion . also , example can be give from daily life . for instance ; you can be an excellent cook but it would have no worth if you do not know how to wash the dish . it would complement each other . this be the simple example but it reflect the importance of have broad knowledge . finally ; with the broad knowledge of many academic subject , people will have chance to see event in different perspective even read newspaper ; they can create relation with other event strongly . also it be difficult to choose a one important subject for specialization . specialization can only be achieve after broad knowledge of many academic subject but broad knowledge can not be achieve after specialize in one subject . 	TUR
the integral development of a human being be closely relate with learn . Learning be a process that accompany us until the day of our death . personally the fact of have a broad knowledge of many academic subject be good than specialize in one specific subject depend on the field , know about a variety of matter will give the person a broad overview of the topic in which he be try to specialize . the knowledge of more field than the one he be interested in will give him more possibility to link his necessity with a particular information available . the more skill a person get will allow this person to perform in more field . not necessarily master all of them , but know enough to face any situation . on the other hand , the one who focus their energy on a particular subject be be on the risk of become too good on the preferred bussiness that can not draw their attention to something else productive and constructive as well . the neurosurgeon who have a flood in his house will not be able to handle emergency scenario like this because of his total ignorance about plumbing . I would not say that all neurosurgeon be urge to take a plumbing course or something similar , but the point be that know some basic about how to use this tool or be aware of the water or sewing system around the house this person will be ready to perform first-hand measure to save his house until get specialized help . in general th 	SPA
I do not believe that the give statement be true . indeed , I understand the logic which lie under that assumption but personally , I do n't have the impression that it be a veracity . first of all , it be important to analyse why someone who only meet success be more likely to take risk than somebody else . as a matter of fact , when you succeed a project , you feel satisfy . the more you achieve what you want , the more you become confident . then , it be like a spiral : the more you get , the more you want to get . in fact , when you plan to start a business and it work well , you think about expand your activity . if it work and you be already at the head of a big company , you may diversify your business . that be why big company like Bouygue be in building , mobile phone and so on . Virgin make disc but also develop its own mobile phone program . those company take risk , while enter new market . they believe in their success because they be support by their customer . however , new thing be not always do by successful people . creativity , for instance , have nothing to do with sucess ; it be about personality . so an artist do not always meet success . Nonetheless , his or her desire to create will still go on . that explain why a lot of painter do a lot of breakthrough after many failure . another example be Alain Baraton , a famous gardner in Versailles . he have fail during his school year but then , while he work in Versailles he develop a passion for gardening and create new arrangement around the castle . besides , you can not be successful all the time but it do not mean that you be less willing to do new thing . in addition to that , someone , who really want to be recognise by the society and have never achieve that goal , will probably try everything he or she can . as a conclusion , success be not so closely tie to ` boldness ' as the statement suggest . 	FRE
this be a very important issue with respect to the community and the youngster who be part of this community . the issue which do need the attention and analysis . although it be not that whole young crowd have become indifferent to help the community but i certainly believe that look upon it wholly , the young people nowadays do not give enough time to help the community . there be several reason for my acceptance of the statement and i would like to state them in the follow paragraph . the main reason i feel this be because today youngster have become too narcissist . they be all self-center and bother about their personal progress . this be due to the ever increase competitiveness . in this competitive world , to catch up with the pace each youngster be busy polish himself/herself for the contend . and in this course he remisses the community . he be too worry about his own progress and achievement to look into the community matter . each of them want to be the good and they dont want to afford waste time on other . the other reason which make me accept the statement be the prevalence of the corruption , violence , robbery , murder etc and whole lot of crime take place . if the youngster give enough time to the well being of the community , would n't be the scenario different ? All those murderer , robber , rapist constitute of whom ? be n't the major chunk of them the youth of the community . instead of be helpful to their community they be become the cause of all sort of suffering and trauma to the community , i must say . further , i feel that youngster be not contribute to help the community because they be get away from moral value and discipline of the society . today youngster want to be more independent and do not want to be teach all those lesson of help other . What he learn from the today grow technological world be how to make himself modernize and how to cope up with rest of the competitor . Admist this , he do not care for the community . for example , today most of the young people spend half of their time on Internet . now , by exploit internet what be the possibility of them use it for other ' S sake or to help someone compare to the possibility of chat , browsing , look for job opportunity , search for institutes for further education etc . certainly , the probablities of utilize it for personal benefit be quite high . All these reason and example make me accept the statement that nowadays , youngster be not much interested and hence not devote much time to help the community . this can be attribute to their ignorance about the well being of other and zeal for personal holistic development . 	HIN
today we live in a world where everything be fast and in movement . To attract the consumer attention often the advertisement make by the productor , or a company , be well then the product itself . I totally agree with this statement because we can have example of it everyday ; it be sufficient to go in a supermarket and have a tour to see that it be full of similar product , and the only difference between one and another be make by his advertisement . another example can be take from the television : there be a lot of advertisement make only to catch the consumer attention . there be a lot of way to catch the consumer attention : some product and , obviously , their advertisement look to the history of the company who make it , like a ` ` design ' ' object , other tend to be new and innovative . I think that an advertisement should show the real potential of a product , without exagerations , in order to prevent unhopefull case of recrimination and also a bad notoriety of it . the failure of a product must not be a stymulus to create a false advertising in order to sell it : it must be a motivation to improve it . because now our life be , for the most part of it , in movement , advertisement have begin to be great and great . when we be block in the traffic of the city , big advertisement try to catch our attention with provocation and funny phrase . but not everytime what be show be good as his advertisement . in conclusion I think that who make an advertisement should be sure of what he , or she , want to sell and what be the real potential of the product . 	ITA
me as many other student face the decision either to have a general knowledge about many accademic field or to specialise in one field only in order to be consider an expertise . the decision that will come out will reflect the characteristic of the person . a person with many interest will never renounce to the pleasure of know more and more different thing . on the other hand , people with a passion will tend to specialise in a field that will make them happy and happy . a general education have many positive aspect such as a great flexibility in change preferencies and vision for the future . this kind of preparation give the possibility to the student with no clear idea about the future to postpone this important decision and take time to identify the main desire . furthermore , a general education give much more flexibility in adapt to different job condition . a specific education focus only on a subject give the advantage to the student to be an expertise in a field . this be a great advantage on the job market . in the same time , these student usually be much more rigid , unable to change and to handle with change . these characteristic be not always require by employer . personally , i think that the good choice for a person would be a solution that take into account both its own personality and the inner desire , for this reason i do not think there be only one good education . furthermore i think that the accademic education that must be follow should reflect the requirement of the field that the student be study , we can not compare the specificity require in medicine by the doctor with the general culture require by an teacher . 	ITA
nowadays , it be important in time of apply at a university to consider rather study generalistically or specify in a certain subject . before apply student should take follow aspect in consideration . firstly , it be often mention that be a specialist of a certain area make it easy once you finish university to apply for the position you be exactly train for at an organisation . however , have a broad knowledge of many acadamic subject give you the possibility to apply for a wide range of job-ads . be generalistically offer you a way to enter a company more easily . once you be receive the job you still can and you even have to , no matter be a specialist or a generalist , adopt to tyhe need of the company you be work for . Secondely , it be argue that specify in a certain field do not take the same time as study the basic of many different area . To some limited extend there be some truth in it , but , undoubtely , experience show that no metter what way of study you have choose the time until achieve a degree be the same . nevertheless , do a generalistical degree be in my point of view well than complete a specific degree that take the same time . in other word your possibility be much broad after the study time find a job then they would only be specify . and the time you have spend remain the same . To summarize , student first of all should be aware of the consequence when consider apply after they obtain a degree in a specific subject . furthermore they should mistrust the rumour that study with the objective to get a broad knowledge of many academic subject take the same time then it would achieve a specific degree . 	GER
Nowdays , advertisement be a key element of trade business . indeed , advertisement be always use as a mean to improve sell of good . some person think that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . I agree with this statement . the reaon why advertisement be invent be to increase the level of sell . therefore , advertisement promote product and must convince the buyer that he need the promote product . To this aim , the product be present as the good product ever invent eventhough it be often false . advertisement be create to attract customer , to make them buy the propose product . for instance , it be common to see on television advertisement which explain that the present product have be test by a certain number of customer who express their satisfaction when they use the product . however , there be no proof of such study and those result can not be ascertain . the promote product must appeal to the customer and therefore , lot ' S of technological mean be use in order to improve the picture of product . indeed , nowdays , lot ' S of software be invent in order to fix picture , to erase some elemets of the picture . To some extent advertisment be often diffuse on television , the good way to attract customer be to show a beautiful product , with nice colour and nice shape . for example , advertisemts often concern food product . when a cake be promote , the nice colour of the cake will obviously attract the customer . in the same vein , the nice shape of the cake will also appeal to the customer . therefore , the customer will buy the product , think that he will get the same article as the one expose in the advertisement and he will be desappointed because the cake can not have , in real , the same colour as the one obtain thank to informatic sofware use for picture . as a conclusion , advertisment be always use false information and it be difficult to put boundary between well conduct advertisemenst and false information . 	FRE
some people may believe this be true , but I totally disagree with this statement that young people enjoy life more than old people do . from my point of view , I think that young people do not enjoy their life more than the old people do . first of all , young people have less spare time than the old people , because they be young , they have a lot of work pressure and long work hour . they must strive for their future by hard work therefore , they do not have much spare time on what they be interested about . however , old people have less work responsibility and they have less work hour than the young people do , and many of them be retire form their work . they can spend more time to stay with family and do many hobby that they be intersted about . secondly . old people have more friend than the young people do . as time past , old people have be in society for so many year , so they have meet a lot of people , they can have fun with so many friend . it be really a happy thing to stay with many friend , and there must be a pleasant atmosphere . finally , they old people have less living pressure than the young people do . many old people have already retire from their work . they do n't think much about how to keep their work and how to make more money . they have already do this when they be Yong . now the only thing that they need to think about be that how they sepnd rest of their life to enjoy the wonderful thing in the world . they can travel to many beutiful place in their spare time , moreover they can visit their friend and have fun with them . they do not think much about work , and just play for fun . however , the young people will still face the heavy work and the pressure from the society . so , they can not enjoy themself as much as the old people do . make my father and my grandmother as an example , my father work more than @card@ hour a week to earn money to afford my study fee abroad , and he do not have much time to have fun . however , my grandmother have a lot of spare time and less working pressure , so she can play a lot of funny staff with her friend . therefore , from the reason I list below , I think that old people enjoy their life more than thhen young people do , because they have more spare time , more firends and less working pressure . 	CHI
although the basic concept of advertising be itself to promote a product or a service , I do agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they actually be . advertising for product be essentially the process use to convince potential buyer that the product in question be fit and suitable and the good in the market . however most advertisement blow this definition completely out of propotion by market a product which end up be radically different when finally use . the degree of exaggeration use in advertisement to convince the buyer be at time ridiculous . advertisement in the fast move consumer good domain especially strictly adhere to the policy of display a completely wrong image of the product which make them seem much good than they actually be . an example that come to mind be a commercial for a lead shampoo product which claim to not only put hair back on the head of of its balding user but also rejuvenate them to the extent that they will be able to compete with the good driver in the world on a formula one car racing track . advertisement in various other sector also mislead user to believe that the product will offer quality that it be never design to provide in the first place . although one of the sell point of a good advertisement be in some case to provide a tinge of humor to go with the product , certain advertisement and brand use this to the extent that make their product seem too good to be true . various mail order catalog for exercise system be also another a clear example of how the end product differ vastly from the advertised one especially in today ' S wolrd where common opinion have it that medium over power print , people look to advertisement especially on television , to help them make inform choice about which product suit their need well . this dependency may not be large when it come to everyday product , but in case of product which be highly expensive and involve large investment , some advertisement can often mislead people ' S desicions . an example to illustrate this be the advertisement for real estate project or finance and tax saving instrument and more recently even in job search portal . some of the advertisement have cause people to make incorrect decision due to their assured but unrealistic claim . all in all , my belief be that advertisement should help people make informed choice and should make people aware of the product . a certain degree of humor and make believe be alright but the core functionality of the product itself should not be make a fantasy as be the case with many of the advertisement in today world . I therefore ardently agree with the fact that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	HIN
the statement say the young people enjoy more than old people . personally , i do n't agree this statment in all of this part . infact , by my point of view the young people be less responsable of other mature people . generally , in the last year the way to enjoy life be change . infact today young peole have less problem than young people of forty year ago for example . today a boy depend totally from his parent . in this way he have less responsability and this cause a total insoddisfaction of all . instead of the young people , the old people have achieve a total maturity that permitt they to enjoy life more than young people with small thing , like a only dinner with friend or a travel with family . it be also true that the young boy have a lot of enthusiam respect to old people . but this concept do n't go to over see the problem . there be also case where old people do n't enjoy life beacuse they have very big problem like the fact of to not fand a work or for example because their be very tyre . so , my personal opinion be that the young boy , in the state of parity of condition , do n't enjoy life so much . infact also in my family i see that my parent enjoy life more than me and my brother . finally , in this way i say that i disagree with the above statement . 	ITA
I agree with the statement mention that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . if student learn only fact then they do n't have conceptual knowledge or idea that where and how to use in practical . for example , a maths teacher teach one problem and solve without give the concept of that problem like formula , method or step to perform to solve the problem . this will be difficult for the student , if the problem be twist or another problem be give in the textbook or may be in the examination . they can not solve the problem as they do n't know the concept of the problem give . so a maths teacher should teach the concept of a particular problem initially and base on that idea a problem should be solve by the teacher and then the student keep the concept remember , so that they can easily solve the any problem base on that concept . for every problem there will be a concept behind to solve it . another example as , if we see the physic book there will be lot of concept for each and every chapter . in that there be a chapter Calle ` ` GRAVITATION ' ' . in this the idea be about the earth ' S gravitation . due to gravity whatever the thing throw in the air from earth ' s surface it will fall on the earth again because of gravitational pull of the earth . if we say to the student that the thing which be throw in the air from earth will fall back to the earth ' S surface , then they just learn the fact . they do n't know the reason . due to this type of learn none of the student will not become good engineer or any other professional . because lack of concept and practical knowledge . even if we take a civil engineer student who do n't know how to build the building and where to build then definitely the building will be collapse . that be why , it be important for the student to learn concept and understand the idea rather than to learn fact . 	TEL
car be first introduce in the beginning of the last century . ever since it have replace the horse and carriage in most of the globe . the number of car be in frequent increase . I do not see in the future or the next twenty year that the number of car will drop . as a machiene , the car have prove to be invensible . it be very hard to imagine our life without car . thus with the increase in the world population and the idea everybody need a car then I do not see that in the next twenty year that there would be a drop in the number of car . car polling be a subject be disscussed every where in the world . it be very essential to decrease the number of car on the street . this will eventually make the flow of car in the street smooth and easy . as good of a dream this be this will only make drive your car less of a hassel but will not decrease the number of car . I remember when my father be drive me to school . I be only six year old . now I be eligible to drive and my father be still drive . this mean that there be more than one generation of driver on the street drive there car . besides I no longer want my father to take me to school . I want to drive myself . subway and underground be very good way to ease the problem of the traffic jamming , but it will never replace the car and this wh 	ARA
` ` Variety be the spice of life ' ' the word ` success ' be not only associate with the work that you do but at the same time be successful in the new dimension that you have adopt in your life . I completely agree with the statement that ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' . this can be well explain by cite some example of a few legend in different field like the one that have be mention below . firstly I would like to start with the rich person in Indian market Dhirubhai Ambani be once work as a vegetable vendor , he be a master of sell those vegetable no doubt , but draw interest in the communication field and start research in that field . its a completely different field that he opt for but the determination he have in his work and the confidence he have in his ability make him a successful person and finally he become the master in that field . secondly the all time legend in the field of cricket ` Sachin Tendulkar ' be pursue his enginnerg because he want to become a successful engineer but have a lot of interest in cricket . so he opt for cricket after he get to enggineering , though it be a big risky decision that he have take up , he be ready to work hard for that . and now he s a renown cricketer . the risk that he have take be a huge one but it really pay him off . thus i certainly feel that a person who be versatile in his work and at the same time diversify in his thinking moral can become a successful person . thus a succesful person be not the one who take risk but at the same time strive hard for that and make his risky decision count at the end of the day . 	TEL
Will there be few car in use in twenty year than there be today ? What an important topic ! indeed , the reduction or increase of car , and their effect on the environment , be mainly discuss in our every-day conversation and political program . as far as I be concern , I agree that there will be few car in use in the near future than there be today . let me explain why . on the first hand , the actual trend be that everybody ( the government , household and corporation ) have to take care of his or her environment , and it be go to be a real obligation in the next few year . indeed , we all know that lot of thing go wrong around us such like the global warming for example . do you know that with this frightening global warming glacier disappear and that can lead to the disappearance of the Maldive in less than twenty year for instance ? so the point be that if we do nothing , we be certainly go to lose our planet and we will have to find somewhere else to live ! it be terrible , be n't it ? the pollution contribute to the global warming and what be the primary source of pollution ? these be obviously car and their CO2 . this gaz contribute too to many disease . . . therefore , car have to be reduce . moreover , the other transportation mode be develop in an impressiove manner . Let ' s take the example of Paris . we can notice that have a car be totally wrong with all this traffic in the street ! why do n't we take the bus instead ? at least we definitely know what time exactly we be go to arrive . drive in Paris can take four or five time more time than take the bus , for exemple . finally , question of security become so important in our society . we should reduce the number of car because of the too many accident it occur . it be unacceptable . To conclude , I will just say that there be another solution : change our actual pollute car to ecological car , which deeply consider and respect our environment . they can work with sun or non-pollute oil for example . I really think that this be the good solution since you can not order people to stop use their car . 	FRE
i think this be a general statement , and it be too difficul discuss about this without follow in bear tinks . however , i disagree with this sentence . fir of all because i know many boy and girl that do not enjoy in their eveerydays life . they seem to need ever something else , they be not able to be happy for what they do . everything become a problem : the wedding , the childrens , the job . i recognize the we live in a difficult time , the politic affair and the economic once be not very good , and also there be the war . . . but i ask to myself : what be the difference between the actual and last time ? my father tolk to me about the second world war , and also about the problem the he have have for find something to eat end than the problem he have have to take a job . my father dead three year ago , but i think he enjoyned his life more than many young people . i want to talk about another point : the wedding . i see that many people now prefer the divorce to the possibility to solve the problem . i do not understand very well this position . for me have a family be a way to get better our life , but probably i wrong because many people i know do not think in the same way . i want to enjoy live alon or goin out untill 5 or 6 a.m. so they refuse the idea to build a family untill they be @card@ or @card@ year old . probably i be the fir person that do not enjoy enaught her life . i try every day to put passion and love in what i do , specially from the time i live alone , now i have no fathter and no mother , but i see that if i be correct with other person i be not alone . 	ITA
a guide tour be always a preferd tour . a guide tour with a group be more fun , learn and longlasting . for example if you be travel all alone to a historical monument with no background knowledge about the place . its as good as see the monument/place in book . if you be travell alone then thing will be not be of greatet interest . there might be moment that you want to discuss with some one on a specific painting or architecture . this call for a tour in group rather then individual . a monument / painting speak thousand word when you observe them but it can not listen to you . there be some point of the guide tour that make it more intresting . first , the intricacy of the depth of the knowledge of the guide about the importance of the place , which obvioiusly we as a tourist be not aware of . second , there be place that may not be list or publish in the map , magazine , book etc and there might be some local place that might be of intrest which the guide know . the third point be that in a group there be people with differnt ideology and thought . the inquisitiveness of any one in the group to know about some thing might prove to be useful for the entire group to learn more about the place . obviously a guide be the good one to answer such question . thus a good way to travel be a group , lead by a tour guide . there be ofcourse , the other side of this where the guide might try to tell thing differently and might say wrong thing about the place . the guide might be prejudice about some of the historiacl view and opinion . these be factor that depend on the type of guide you choose . if there be good guide with good reputation then it be always advantageous to hire him for a guide tour . if you consider save the guide charge by not hire him then the money spend on come to the place may go in vain since you would have only visit the place but do not know any thing more about the place than what you have see . 	TEL
base on my travel experience , I would say that , indeed , the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . by travel with an experienced person , you learn from that person ' s knowledge of the place , and you be able to develop a deep and intelligent opinion about what you see and experience while travel . Two year ago , I visit New York with my family , and I be surprise by the great difference between travel on your won or with a tour guide . while we be travel on our own around the city , we realize that we be only wander in the street , look at the tall building , but not learn anything interesting about the city ; besides , without an appropiate knowledge of the city , we have a lot of problem in try to find our hotel after we walk some street . the next day , we decide to pay a tour guide in order to learn more about the city and its most important touristic spot . with the help of the tour guide , we be able to know more about the city ' S storey , important place , good restaurant , and many other useful fact that we would ignore if we have continue our self-guided and ignorant travel . travel with a group lead by a tour guide surely have more benefit than just avoid get lost in the street : you learn more about the fact , the secret and the essence of the place you visit . another example I can mention to reinforce my opinion about tour guide be the trip I make with my family to China last year . as I say before , with the help of a tour guide you can develop a deep and intelligent opinion about the place you visit . when we arrive to this Asian country , I have the idea that we be go to find poor people live under a communist regime ; after we travel some time by ourselves , my opinion about this communist country do n't change . however , when we take our tour around Beijing , the guide begin to explain the current situation of the country from the Chinese perspective . I be surprise by the significant knowledge I acquire about the Chinese culture after hear the tour guide ' s opinion of her country and the information she have regard the situation of Communist China . after learn from this new perspective , which I may not have notice without a tour guide , I be able to change my point of view about China , and to develop a more critical and intellectual opinion about the Chinese culture and current economic , political and social situation . after travel in New York and China in a group lead by a tour guide , I reaffirm my opinion about travel about this kind of trip . I hold my position of complete acceptance for guide travel . if we have not have the help of a tour guide , my family and me would never have be able to visit New York as a true New Yorker or to learn from the Chinese culture from a reliable and original source , an authentic Chinese tour guide . 	SPA
I agree with the statement , mainly because I think that it be imperative for student to understand idea and concept and know how to act upon them be more important than just know fact . from my experience in highschool , I think student in general find it much easy to just learn fact rather than understand concept and idea . One simple example be when I use to love ` ` label the heart diagram ' ' in biology class but just despise explaning Newton ' s first principle law of motion in physics class . on the contrary when there be a written response question on a test it would be much easy for student to respond when they actually understand what they be talk about rather than just know the fact . another broad example be when we have to make a student commitee with the job of spreding out the word in school of aid with recycle and clean up . many of us do it but I highly doubt that everyone understand why they where do . so in the end I believe for a student to get through his life experience as be a student with a degree of some sort , he have to understand idaes and concept and act upon them . 	ARA
during the last year , we have see a big difference in the way of life of all people . a lot of event have occure during the 19th , like the world war , the development of capitalism , the conflict of religion etc . . . and all of that have modify our society in France , or in other country . I will take for my exemple the situation in France . What happen in May @card@ have contribute to change people mind . before this period , young people be more obediant and structure in my opinion . moreover , I think that they be generally less individualist than today . capitalism have developped that feeling and the consequence of all that be the fact that young people be obsesed by their individual success because time be more and more difficult and people know that it will be certainly more difficult in the future . so young people be pressure and they be conscient that they have to succeed . they work hard at school or they have two job like I can see around me , and they have less time to make anything . To resume , I think there be two principal cause : one because young people be nowadays more individualist and do n't think in help other person , two because they have less time due to the new social model . however , we can see in a few situation that young people be able to help everyone that be in a difficult situation . for example , during the Tsunami , we have see a lot of young people give a gift to La Croix Rouge or other association . many of them have express the desire to go there to help people who be reach . in fact , we can see that these young people can help their community when there be an accident . so we can say that it ' S ponctual and they g can give the good of them at certain moment . but I think too that these type of population do n't make enough effort to help other people who need their help . 	FRE
many people have the problem that they do not know what to do regard the subject they can choose form , in a universtiy . Should they take their time to study many acadamic subject or should they specialize in one specific subject ? the first positive point of choose many academic subject be , that you have a broad knowledge of many different think . that make you more flexible when you look for a new job and also give you more flexibility on many other situation . the second positive fact be that you be able to talk about many different topic , which can help you to increase your relationship with other . if a person talk about various topic you be able to enter the conversation because of the fact that you have more knowledge about different think . you be able to talk about many differnt think than a person who just study one specific subject . To specialize on one specific subject have many positive benefit . first of all people who take many course have not specific knowledge about a certain subject . people who specialize on one subject be more professional and therefore able to answer more specific question because they have more knowlede . they be also able to use their knowledge to solve high problem . another positiv fact be that company allways need professional people who have a lot of knowlede in a specific area . therefore people be well pay than people who be not so professional . I strongly belive that it be good to have more knowledge about a specific subject . you be more able to solve complex porblems and you be also able to answer to more specific question . in addition people with more knowledge about a topic be more likley to get more money from company because they need professional people . 	GER
in my opinion , I agree that travel with a group of people lead by a tour guid be the good way to travel . there be several good reason why I agree with have a tour guid during the travel . first of all , when you will decide to go to a foreign country that you have not ever visit it , you will face some difficulty and a little bit of fear . all of these trouble that you will be face because of the worryness and anxiety for this trip . also , may be because you do n't have enough require information about that country . so you need some one to help you about the place , shopping mall , good restuarant , lacation of some hotel and so on . accord to these challenge , the bast way to keep away these trouble be to travel in a group lead by a tour guide who have enough information about the counry more than what you have . second reason why I personaly prefer that because I think it be safe for you and your family . I rememberd when I and my family travel to Italy , we encounter some criminal and drug people who we do n't know how to deal with them . however , although my father have solve this problem , I think if we have a guid with us that will be more easy for us . the third and last reason be we choose to travel to have some relax and have a rest away our work , duty and responsibility . actually , if you want to do that you should be away from all these trouble that , of course , you will be face it such as ask some citizen people to have some information about as I say in the begining ` ` where can I find this hotel ? ' ' , ` ` where be the recreation center ? ' ' , ` ` what be the good restuarant do you have here ? ' ' and lot of these dum question . you may also do not know how to speak their language since you be not a native speaker . in short , personally I prefer to travel with a tour guide to keep away all of these headach . 	ARA
some people think that , it would be good to have broad knowledge of different academic subject because variation of subject add to human experience and provide possible solution in many situation . other think it would be good to concentrate on one topic and go on . base on my experience , both opinion be helpful accord to my grade . when i be in under graduate school , I be fond of read and attend different class which help me to great extend to pass my exam easily and receive high score . on the other hand , when I be in physical therapy school I concentrate on only sport medicine class which help me to apply for master degree and find convineant job . finally both thought be important depend on need and goal . 	ARA
thing be change every day . in pass @card@ year , you could not believe that people can use the computer to do a lot of thing . you could not believe somethings which be happend today . so Young people be change also , they enjoy their life more than old people do . there be three point can prove this . first , young people will not think about when they become old what will happen . they just want to enjoy their life now . prepare to the Older people , there be a big different . old people will think about their family , their retire payment , their future life . they will save money for that . they also will reduce their ativities for health . but young peope will not do that . they want to spend more time with friend . lover and some modren thing . they do not have saving account , they like use visa , and use more money in their habit . in fact , they do not have the plan for the future . second , Young people be more easy to pay attetion on some new thing . they will be mad on computer game , car , clothes and so on . at that time , they will spend more money and more time on it . do not say i be young , i still have much time to do my future work . that be wrong , because you do not have that money to enjoy your life . you only use old people ' S money to enjor your life . prepare to old people , their situation be opposite . they will not pay attetion on new thing , they just want themsleves to have good final life . third , young people will not think about thier family , they think thier life be more important . they will say i must enjoy my life without odler people . they do not want to stay with mother or father . they only know friend . Althouht there have age problem between oder people and young people and they will not enjoy life together , young people do not have any pionts about their family . anyway , Young people 	CHI
advertisement be the product of highly sophisticated marketing technique combine with the knowledge of the human psychology . know how to advertise under these reference make it easy for company to sell product that look very appealing but in actual fact be not their money ' S worth . throughout the history of industry , store and product there have be unthinkable number of faltey and bad product that have consume the market and their customer in a raid . for the famous company Apple who have produce and advertise an array of incredible product , there have be some along the way that be purely insignificant in contrast to their price . the first release of their Ipod be one of these product . when the Ipod be primarily release , the sale number hit a continuoes high that have not end till today , but these ` ` first year ' ' Ipods be full of technicall error . the Ipod battery ( that be conceal in the inside of the Ipod ) break after two week and last for an hour when they be maximum charge . since the Ipod be one of the highest produce gadget in the world , this problem occure with every Ipod within a few week of it ' S purchase . second , the Ipod headphones that come with it , blow out after listen to music the music with the maximum volume on your own Ipod . this be a big issue , since this show that the headphones be not design accordingly . although all of these fault be know , the Ipod sale do not decrease because it be the most prestigious gadget to own at the time . the design and marketing strategy lead by Steve Jobs ( Apple ' S CEO ) have influence such emense group of customer , from all age to all place that the sale do not decrease . the fantastic and slik design contribute to this . the Ipod be three to four hundred dollers at the time and compare to other Mp3 player that be less expensive , it be not of high standard and therefor not worth the money . the marketing strategy that evolve around the advertisment of new product exceed the basic knowledge we have about a product and make it look of high standard than it be . the product therefor be sell at price that they be not worthy of and therefor corrupt the average customer payment . it be unfair but at the same time the customer fault for not research the product enough before they purchase them . 	GER
some people think it be not necessary to learn many academic subject and obtain broad knowledge from them . however I think it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject . because we can use our broad knowledge to our real life . firstly , some people think it be not necessary to have broad knowledge . because they think it be waste of time and not necessary . moreover , it be really hard to learn variety of subject . for example , in Korea , Korean middle school force student to learn about @card@ subject . but it become a serious problem in that the education program do not consider student ' S ability or interest . so recent research show that more than @card@ % of Korean middle school student be dissatisfy with their academic program and waste of time . and average @card@ student be go to study abroad a day . however , I think the broad knowledge that we have learn be very valuable in that we can use them someday . for example , I learn Home Economics and Technology in school . at first , I be suspicious about that why I have to learn about thing that I be not interested and not valuable . but , one day , I have to cook food by myself because my parent be not at house . I could n't think any of them . and then , I could remember that I learn how to make a Korean traditional food call , ` ` Bulgogi ' ' . so I could realize the importance of broad knowledge . overall , I think it be good to learn various academic subject and obtain broad knowledge in that it will helpful for our life . even though it be not relate to one ' s personal interest . in my opinion , even though people do n't feel the necessity of learn various subject , it do n't mean that they waste time . it have its meaning that they have try . 	KOR
in my personal experience , i agree that it be the good way to go on travel in a group that lead by a tour guide . there be lot of advantage of go in a group . in this short essay , i will discuss with reason and example that why be travel the good way within a group . first of all , we can make a lot of friend during the trip . when we be on an airplane , a train , a boat or a bus . we can all commiuncate with each other , and have fun . One of my good friend , who name Kim , i meet him the first time in a bus on a trip with a group to Hangzhou , he just sit next to me , and we sarted to talk to each other , after all we become the good friend . so that travel in a group can make friend . secondly , it be well organize by travel with a tour guide . He/She could lead you to the most popular and interesting place that the touriest always like to go to . for example , if i go to place by my self that i never go on before , i wil totally get lose , and do not know where to stay and where to go and where to eat . . . so on . but if i go there with a group and with a tour guide , the thing will totaly be change . last but not least , we can get more fun by travel in a group . for example , if i go to a place individually , i will get bord on the airplane or train . in the other hand , it will be more interesting and funny by travel in a group , because sometimes we can talk about some funny storey or interesting personal experience on the trip , so we would not get bord . in conclusion , i discuss the reasones and example that why be travelng the good way in a group and b y a tour guide . in my opinon , i would like to travel in a group , cause i can make new friend during the trip . 	CHI
in my opinion it be good to have knowledge of one specific subject extensively , rather than have some knowledge in all the field . there be a few reason namely - accuracy , danger of half knowledge and specialization be only after some general knowledge - that i venture to opine in favour of specialization . firstly if a person be more widely knowledgable in the field of his own interest , he not only perform well but also be able to put in his own effort in the form of information to be use more accurately . for example a doctor , if he be specialize in heart and its related aspect he be capable of help a patient more efficiently than a general physician would . secondly like i say danger of half knowledge be not unknown to us . if we have not master even one subject we can not put in any effort to get something out of our knowledge . we do not have a sense of direction in which to proceed also we have to stop in the middle of an invention or discovery because we do not know what lie ahead . this can also be decisive for the growth of a society on the whole . finally for any specialization to happen on any subject we start with a knowledge of various feilds related or unrelated which might help in the good understand our field of interest so the knowledge of all academic subject be in a way the foundation stone of any specializaion and be therefore a part of the learn process . like i state if it be a cardiologist in question then he would have some knowledge of the whole body functioning as that be evidently relate . thus i can safely say that specialization not only help in develop our skill in our own field of interest , it also be the destination for some knowledge that we acquire in all the subject . eventually help us to mature as an individual , as an adroit in our field and in the growth of society on the whole . 	HIN
most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be , yes of course , i agree with this . the way advertisement use now a day as lose the meaning of its purpose , early day its pupose be to bring to the people , make people aware of that certain product be available in the market , which benefit the customer in different way , in that advertisment they clearly give the description of the product , and way that could be use in real life . the very purpose of that advertisement be lose now a day , they be just showcase the product , then it orginally exhibit its characterstics , compare it with other product and fool the public of the worthiness of the product , then really it have . they use some girl , for advertising face cream , before they use this product they look not beautiful , but use the product for a few time bring chane in them itseems , they wiil be look charming , how this happen , its just the camera trick and the make up they be give , if we use it orginally will we get that change , no definetlty no for example take an product , namely toothpaste , the company relate to it be pepsodent , colgate , closeup , all this product have same ingredient and mixture of same level , but while advertise each company showcase its own product , differently , compare with other , not mention name of the differnt company , that their company product have good feature than other , u just tell me how the product desingned with same formula , but with company different have different feature . so the way advertisement be now use be just showcase the product than it orginally be , make product seem much good than it really be . another example be soap , the company JOCIL designes soap , and they sell those to bonded company , they just label the paper on it and advertise about the product and simple express the feature of it with out know it . for advertising , now a day , the famous body be use , such as actor , sportsman , singer so on . . . so the people who like the famous body , will automatically buy the product and other who doesnt like it , they dont go near the product , and this be one of the way that product be be showcase more than it be worthy of , as people like the word of famous body , they feel that the product be really worthy of be purchase , and they simply buy it as his/her famous body advertise the product . thus i feel that , the advertisement , be just showcase the product than really the worthiness of it , make product seem much good than they really be . there be no doubt that certain quality be there in the product , but all the quality mention in advertisement , not neccessariliby in it , its just add quality to attract the public to the product . 	TEL
some people argue as if it be a general truth that understanding idea and concept be much more important than learn factor . but to be frank , I can not agree with them . there be numerous reason why I hold no confidence on them , and I would explore a few primary one here . To begin with , we can lean the idea and concept during study factor . teacher will be able to teach the student the idea and concept by teach a specific fact . Let ' s take look at a physic class . at the very beginning , the teacher give the class a specific problem , and ask them to solve it . the student might not be able to solve it , so the teacher could tell the some conceptional suggestion that could help to solve this problem and encourage them to think it again . and this time , the student might know how to solve the actual problem and also learn the basic concept . further more , why do we learn the idea and concept ? for practical work , of course . so , why do n't we learn something that be more practical ? Learning fact will lead us to work directly , and it would not waste a lot of time study the boring theory or concept , and this would save much more time . last but not least , study fact will sometimes be more useful than study concept . for example , imagine we be learn how to repair the bike . from the book , we may just know how to solve the general problem . but when we face a special problem , an intergrating problem that noise from all over the bike , for example , what could we do ? we might feel complicated to solve this kind of problem . To sum up , learn fact can help us save a lot of time and because of the purpose of learning be for work , studyng fat might sometimes be more useful when we work than study idea and concept . take into account of all these factor , we may reach the conclusion that it be advisable to learn fact rather than to understand the idea and concept . 	CHI
in my definition the enjoyment of life be live life to its full . and thus , i believe that young people enjoy more life than old people . there be various point with me to discuss this issue . firstly , young people be mobile . in other word , they be young mind , young blood with dynamic energy . if some one be mobile he can reach any where to satisfy his need to live life and make it at its full wihtout any compromise . whereas olders be at the age at which they have atleast one problem , which make them immobile . at this age they be out of energy and liable to have atleast one health problem , make them to stay at home and dependent . secondly , young people be do atleast one task like study , job etc. and this make them to come in touch with lot of people and new friend . this give them the opportunity to make new friend , with whom they can enjoy life by week end , long drive etc. on ohter hand the olders be handicap in this regard . since they be compromise through health . which make them to seat at home and alone with his health . so , no health , no go out , no friend and no enjoyment of life . moreover , in other word young people be twenty first century people . young people utilize all the late technology by gain its knowledge though the reliable source , since they be intellignet enough to utilise it and convert it in to the new source on enjoyment of life . on other hand the old people still have the old mind setup which be out date enough for the enjoyment of life . in conclusion , the young people do have the enough energy , chance to make friend and adequate knowledge to live life at its full , which olders lack in . 	HIN
I strongly disagree with advertisement activity make product seem much good than they really do . this be a case of manepulating customer decision . some time this concept might go further to demonstrate a staus of cheating when mention false information about product or give unreliable guarantee . Companys and good seller should talk and descibe the actual advantage , feature and service they have . present these item to the customer in an attaractive way shall not be consider as a manner of cheat or tell lie . way of present good and advertising to them in a proper and honest way be mention the component and item utelized to amnufacture these good . Companys utelizing material with quality might point out the how good be the material use in manufacturing . another way of fair advertising actitvities , be highlight the effort be require to get some good produce and point out the professional and continuous planning to tachieve this perfection . marketing trend in some culture by attract consumer with utelizing cultural concept ( e.g. cultural and traditional say as a logo ) . another example of fair advertising be study the trend and behaviour of consumer ( e.g. packing childrens ' toy in a bright colored box ) , and we shall not consider this a manner of manepulation whereas no false information be mention about this product . by observe international market , manufatures and good seller all over the world be now try to give glorious and attractive name to their product which be n't a sort of decision maker manepulating . focus also on the customer need and make pruchoures point out the positive side and promise of fulfill their requirement can be consider a way fair promote to some good . I do beleive that all advertising activeties should be carefully study to give bright image about any product to the customer without mentoining false information or make them look much good than they really be . 	ARA
I strongly disagree with the statement that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . Eventhough organized tour be usually cheap and more convenient , I think travel by your own be a rich experience for several reason . the first reason of my belief be that organized tour bring you to the most touristic site . these place be over-crowded by other tourist , and as a matter of fact , attract also many local merchant that sell small commodity at expensive price on all your way . for example , in my trip to China , the tour guide show us a part of the Great Wall call ` ` Badaling ' ' . the place be full of people , I could hardly walk up the wall , it be very unpleasant ! on a second trip , I go myself to another point of the Great Wall , which be further to the city than Badaling , but there be much few people . also , the scenery be much more spectacular . the second reason why I hate organized trip be that you do n't have the choice of the timetable . every visit be precisely schedule and we should not stay overtime otherwise the bus or tour guide would leave you at the point it drop you . a visit of the Louvre museum in Paris be not worth if you can only appreciate the ` ` Mona Lisa ' ' painting , and not contemplate the other , less famous , painting . last but not least , I strongly believe that the most interesting part in travel be when you make contact with the local people . in my trip to foreign country , I learn a lot through the visit of the country , but I also learn many thing about the culture through conversation with local . it may be disgusting to see Chinese people split in the street . but once you understand that they do that to reject bad element ( such as those come from pollution ) instead of keep them in their body , you may find it smart or at least understandable . communicate with people , that be how you begin to respect their culture . To conclude , as per my experience , I always recommend people to make a trip by their own and not with a guide . this be the good way to discover , understand and respect a culture . 	FRE
when it come to travel in a group some people may say that the good way to do so be lead by a tour guide ; I personally disagree with that oppinion . it ' S true that have a tour guide have its advantage such as be take to all the typical local turist attraction , you will be almost sertain that you wo n't be miss out on any must see place . yet , in the other have , have a tour guide limit your freetime . when travel in a group you want to spend time with your friend , and spend it as you wish ; not have to be tie to a schedule as it be when use a tour guide . it could also be say that when travel in big group , people always want to see different thing , and argument may occur . although have a tour guide could prevent this disagreement by simply follow the itinerary set for that day , theres a good way to solve the problem . the group could just simply seperate , each person go to where they want , and at the end of the day meet again . the advantage of this solution be that when a big number of people be together for a period of time , usually argument happen ; by send each person on their different way it give them time to refresh from the enviroment of the group . most important of all , of why be good to travel without a tour guide , it that have a tour guide babysit you around the city take away a great part of the social and cultural interaction . the experience that you earn when you explore an unknown city on your own be something that can not be show by a tour guide . in conclusion , for all the reason name above , my suggestion when it come to travaling in a group be to not hire a tour guide and explore the city on your own along with your friend . 	SPA
accord to many people , there will be few car in use in the future than today . environmental problem be link with the huge number of car in the world . pollution have become a central problem in our society . in order to respond to this problem , governements focus on many possible solution such as limitation of car in the city . as an example , the mayor of London have introduce a congestion charge in the center of London in order to limit the number of car . as far as I be concern , I think that this solution be very convicing as it have be prove that the number of car have be reduce in the city . moreover , public transport be support by many governements . the cost of undergroud be very cheap in some country such as France . I would rather take the bus or the tube instead of drive my car . on the other hand , the cost of drive licence have considerely increase during the last year . as a result people be more likely to take the bus , or to use the underground than before . however , emergent country such as India or China be not ready to reduce there production of car . most of the economy be base on this production . therefore , environmental issue be not the priority of governements . although these country be aware of car ' pollution they do n't take preventive measure in order to solve this problem . but many measure have be take in order to face with this problem . the Kyoto ' S Protocol illustrate the capacity to deal with the huge problem of pollution in the world . the problem be that many industrial country do n't sign this protocol . To conclude , I think that we can hope that there will be few car in use than there be today , because governements make us aware that car represent a huge scourge for our society . as a consequence , many measure have be take and will be take in order to reduce car ' S activity . however , even though many thing have be do , the number of car will increase because many poor country need of this economy in order to survive . 	FRE
I agree with the statement ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . ' ' in other word , successful people be never give up when they have bad situation and big problmes . they be try to sovle the problmes . also they have lot of passion and encoourage . they be try to acheive thier goal and dream . they be always look for new thing and they be never take a rest . they be always run for their goal . successful people be different from the another people . maybe , thier envriomnet be not good from another people and situtaion be not good . they have to spend time to achieve their goal . they have to read and read the book and have lot of knowledge . they can learn from another people ' S experience . another people ' s experience make them to try new thing beside the risk . also another people ' S experience give new oppunity try new thing . it be not easy to try to new thing becuase they have to adopt the situtation and have to conquer the problem . therefore , successful people never give up the dangerous situation and spend time to acheive the thier dream and goal . 	KOR
when I read about successful people ' S wrting about their life , their success be always base on their very special new method or invention . moreover , nowadays new challange be develop brand new idea . every human be always seek new idea and new product to make them successful . present world already have be develop too much for regular idea or invention . moreover , people who succeed always have hard time with them . in my opinion , because they face with their problem and they overcome it , they can call successful people . first of all , the successful people ' s common stereotype be not satisfy to the present situation and always challange to the new one . Walt Disney do not satisfy with his current society ' S broadcast . he invent variety Disney character such as ` ` Mikky Mouse ' ' or ` ` Minni Mouse ' ' . this new character contribute to obtain child ' S attention , and it becomed the fuel for Walt Disney ' S success . in addition he nevered stope to create new character , his unstoppable tring also make his success more shiny . second of all , the people who reach their success take lot of rick than ordinary people . it be not true that person can make their forturn in one try except the lottary . successful people always take high risk to obtain more new and valuable result from their try . when the Bill Gates be young man , he be attend to Harberd University and he be respect by other to just attend in the Harberd . however , when he try to make the Microsoft program , there be some episode about he fail at his class in university . Bill Gates give up his reputation of Harverd . normal people usually not do it . third of all , successful people do not stop to develope themselves . they always try new thing with risk but never give up about it . they try and try untill they get satisfied datum or result about it . then they start to new try base on their collected information . Piccaso be the famouse artist of the modern age and his one painting value like more than million dollar . his work at that time be not that noticable because his painting be too creative . however , he do not give up draw . he just keep draw and draw by his way . after he die , until now , we think his painting be very creative and we give him a creadit for it . in short , successful people try new thing although they could take serious risk , and they never give up untill they reach their goal . therefore , I strongly agree with the statement that be give . 	KOR
personally , I agree with the statement ` Young people enjoy life more than old people do ' . there will be many people disagree with this , but there be three major reason to convince . those three be health , knowledge , and transportation . first reason I think this way be because young people have good health than old people . I be play in the beach with my relative . my cousin and I be run , splash , swimming , and surfing . it be a lot fun for us , as everyone agree . suddenly , my aunt call us to come out . it be big surprise for us . she call us because my grandfather have faint . as a result , old people have bad health to enjoy their life . second one be that young people have different knowledge than that of old people . most of my age ( @card@ ) people know a lot of entertaining place , and fun place . eventually , olders ca n't go out broadly , because they do n't know many place to go . this be my friend ' S grandparent story . it be hot sunny day , and they be retire from their work so they ahve a lot of time to go out . so , they want to go out some where , but they could n't . they phone my friend , and ask her where to go , I be little bit surprise at first , but I understand that they have different lifestyle than us back where they be young like us . last reason that I agree with the statement be because we have good transportation . Altough , grandparent have lot of time , some of them can not drive , because they have totally different life compare to us . nowadays , most of the university student can drive because it ' S widely use , but old people do n't have chance to learn the driving . also , young one can ride bus , subway , and skytrains . Unfortunantely , olders ca n't go by standing , they have to sit down some where , but sometimes public transportation do n't have enough spot for them to sit down . in conclusion , young can enjoy life good than olders . it do n't mean that every elder all like these , but a lot of proportion of them be like this . I think enjoy life when we be young , and enjoy more quiet and relax life be good for elder . 	KOR
most people thing that be more to have knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject because you can know more thing of everything , I thing be more more important to know and specialiced in one specifict subject bescause , do you really get to know a specific thing , you get the oportunity to work in what you have learn and do it well . know a specific thing or subject do you really have the oportunity to become a profecional because you have the time to study a specific subject , because be what you really whant to learn more about and be what you like , if for an example a people whant to study many academic subject this persond have to study all the life to really get to know and learn many thing . Olso you get the oportunity to work in what you be really interest of and what you really like and whant to do the rest of you life , because if you like what you do and what you have learn you have the chace to be the good in what yo do , for example if you do something that you be not really interes in do it and you just do it because you have to you could not do that well and its go to be a waist of time . in conclution i think that be more important that a persond specialize in what they really care about and what they really whant so in this way they can gift the good of their self and not to miss their time studyind thing that be not really important or dont have interest for them , for me this would be a waist of timeand the life be to shot to waisted . 	SPA
over time , marketing and advertising strategy have be change and improve in order to attract more and more the attention of the public . One way to this be create advertisement that make product seem much good than they really be , which I trully believe for several reason . first of all , I have a personal experience where a I buy a lotion that promise to make a person loose certain amount of inch in the waist line . the actual advertisement show the typical before and after picture . after use the product for a while , and even finish it all , nothing happen . I do n't loose any inch , in fact . and these Second , some company make the product look well by simply omit some information or have it appear on the advertisement in small letter . this information , be in some case crucial such as side effect , contraindication , among other . on the other hand , if company advertisement strategy do not maximize the benefit of the product , wo n't be able to compete successfully with other product in the market and therefore wo n't be able to mantain a position the economy . in conclusion , most company nowadays have to make their product look really efficient , oherwise people wo n't buy what they do n't believe will work properly or wo n't meet their need . 	SPA
I do not agree with the statement , that there will be few car in use then they be today in twenty year . the problem with car be , that they need oil . nowadays oil be very expensive . we also have to change something . new technology be necessairy . a new generation of car technologie be a good start . it be call hybrid . this car have two motor . one be the traditional otto-motor , the other one be an elctric one . this kind of car be very economic . they run with oil when they be in a normal mode . in this mode they load up the battery for the electric mode . after a short ride , especially fast ride ( they produce more energy ) , you can use the elctric motor . we have to support the technical research to improve invention like this . in the future it will be more important to give money for research . another point that underline the theorie , that there be country in the world , that now begin to have car . in China for example it be not common to have a car . but this countrie be so increase , that in future they will have million o 	GER
in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . this be an interesting view of the future life . nowadays there be lot of car . in every family with four people there be at least two car . this be a big problem about pollution and environment . car be everywere , we do n't move without them and we do n't use very much pubblic transport like bus or train . generally people work in city where there be lot of pubblic trasports but they prefere to parking near the office or near the factory . it should be an idea to start to go by bus or by train but there be other problem . if they want that more people catch train , train will must be always on time and clean . on the other hand I do n't think that people will leave their car at home . car be a status symbol . with a big car you can show to the other that you have a lot of money and a good job . in addiction technology involve and this will permit to eliminate petroil and to use other material . so pollution will be eliminate . in conclusion I hope that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today because I ' d prefer go by bicycle or by pubblic transport but I do n't think that this will be possible and maybe the ca use will be more than nowadays . 	ITA
most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . I disagree with this statement . when the first Nokia portable phone that be compatabile with a camera come out , advertisement all around show that you could videotape scene and take snapshot of friend . when people actually buy the product , what they actually see be a reallity . another example be when the iPod be release . Everyone be shock about how a device small than a calculator could store more than a thousand song . when people go and buy it , they see how it could do it . it be not that most advertisment make product seem much good than they really be , it be about the person that buy the product . many people when they see advertisment of new electronic device , they get so happy to see something that new and something that function in a new way so when they buy the product and use it everyday , they get bore of it . so when the person remember how the product look on billboard and newspaper and compare it with him after own it for two month , he will think that the advertisement make the product seem much good than it really be . the reallity be that the person have be use the product effectivley that lead to him get bored of it . my opinion be that most advertisment show what the real product be and that they do n't exaggerate on the product . another problem be that many people understand the advertisment wrong . when the person go to buy the product and the find out that it do n't function the way he think it be , the individual then get unsatisfied . I think that people should understand the advertisment and what they be try to say and understand the message that they be try to send . 	ARA
it be often think that young people enjoy life more than old people do , but be it really true ? a young person and an old person differ completely in term of social status , experience , physical ability and other factor which can explain that statement . Let ' s analyze them . first of all , old people can sometimes be limit physically because of their age and it can prevent them from do all they would like to do . simple thing of life can be difficult such as go shopping , drive , or maybe go out with friend . All this difficulty add together can make their life more difficult to enjoy . moreover , old people often have more responsibility in term of family or professional goal . this can create a lot of stress , psychological tension which prevent people from enjoy life at its maximum . however , I have to say that have a family ( child . . . ) be not only a source of stress . . . and can therefore be a great cause of happiness ! on the contrary , young people be often more ` free ' psychologically as they be more unconscious than old people and want to experience life in a fun way and to enjoy it . they often do not have the preoccupation link to a family or a professional situation . consequently , they can be more selfish and have fun in life . we also have to notice that young people often do not have the same problem of money than when they get old . most of the time , the parent supply their chidren with money and all their material requirement . it be thus an important worry which dissapears and allow in one sense young people to enjoy life . finally , we arrive to the conclusion that young people enjoy life more than old people do because in a way , they be sometimes unconscious about some worry or problem which can exist in an old person ' S life . however , some people prefer to make sacrifice during their youth and then enjoy life when they be old whereas other people make the opposite . . . but which be the good solution to enjoy life as much as you can ? 	FRE
I disagree with the saying that understanding idea and concept be important for a student than it be to learn fact . idea give the student a invoke for what and how a task have to be do . concept be study from the early edition of book and from some write or , generally say , from an abstract on wat be already do . concept also mean basic idea of what be to be do . concept be the general background of any subject consider . ofcourse , without concept nothing be do properly , for example take a major . a student do not catch up with the course if he have no idea about the concept or the basic of the course . facts be a very lively word to listen . fact explain which be true , true and only true . fact be the thing to be consider in every particular task . accord to me , learn fact always put us in the place where we have to be . learn fact sound to something like behaviour , personal experience , something do . for example , give a test wchich be relly new to a student . he have to give many practice test in order to face the experience when on the real test . if the student just go to the test with all idea and fully know concept , it woud not be that good result as it would be when he take practise test before . another example be put up a new business.a man plan to start a new business , he have to learn the idea , the concept of marketing , and as well the experiense . he have to observe some businessman , how they work with the daily share . have an idea an the basic knowledge about the business do not just click into the market . there would be less profit in the work do without learn fact . so , these observation conclude that half knowledge be always dangerous . thus , i disagree with the say , more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . 	TEL
I agree with this statement . I think that the young people enjoy life more than the old people do for many reason . the old people have to think some problem that the young people have not to think . for example , a old person have to think at his or her work and his or her family . when a person have get a family he or she have to think his child but the child have not to think anything because there be their parent that they think for them . I be @card@ year and I know the difference between I be @card@ year and I be @card@ year . now , I have to think many thing that I have not to think when I be @card@ year . now , I live alone and I have to do all the thing that I do not do . for exampe , now I have to cook because there be not anyhing to do that for me . in addition , I have to buy my food and wash my clothes . in the other hand , when I be a young child I thounght to play with a friend of mine . I like to play football and I play football with my friend for many hour each day . in addition , I go to swim pool with my friend and I stay there all the afternoon . in the swimming pool I play volleyball with a friend of mine and we be very happy . now , I can not do that I do when I be young because now , I have to go to work and I have not enough time to play football and to go to swimming pool . at the end , I agree with the statement above because when I be young I enjoy life more than I do now . I think that the young age be the most beautiful period of life that a person can live and I be sure that there be many other people that think this . 	ITA
I agree with the statement which be successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . it depend on what the value of the successful be , so I take successful as become famous and change good world . One of the example of successful company be McDonuld ' S , the famous fast food chain in the United States . I just read the book about McDonuld ' S . the founder of the McDonuld ' S be McDonuld ' s brother in the south of the United States . they be sell humbergers at the store which can buy food get on the car , drive-through . it be the major thinking of restrants at that time . but they change the style . they change all of the cycle to make humberger . it mean that one person do only one job , like just bake the meat . before that , there be one person do every step to make humberger . this idea make more faster to serve food . because of there effort , McDonuld ' S become the big humberger company in the world . try to do new thing be always with some risk . it would be good if the new thing bring success . but if the new thing fail , it would be a nightmere . I think charenging new thing be a kind of lottary . we can not know if the thing would be success . another good example of successful people be the person who maid the i-Pod . this product be the most hit product of Apple Company which use to produce Apple computer . the idea of make i-Pod as the light and have a big capacity of music be the fashionate idea . Apple Company be the first company to create product such as i-Pod . the attitude of challenge of new thing would make Apple to accomplish to be successful . because of these reason , I agree with the idea of successful people try new thing and take risk rather than do what they already know how to do well . 	JPN
I agree with this statement that say that it be more importanto for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . one might agree with that statement because on many situation it have happen to me that I have to learn all the fact for a test and I end up learn them all , but at the end of the test be like if everything wipped out of my head and that happen exactly the same with all of my classmate . but when we learn the concept of the fact instead of the fact it stay with you forever . many time when I be in a conversation talk about history or chemistry I star talk about concept that I have learn in a period of time and explain my knowledge that I have obtain by me understand the concept . this be the reason for which I agree with this statement . know the fact can work for a day or maybe a week , but the concept stay with you forever . 	SPA
my instant reaction on read the statement be to get defensive and write about how there be several shine example of youngster help their community . however , I be force to change my mind as the more I ponder over statement , the more I realise that it be sad , but true . young people be often so catch up in their own life that it have become increasingly difficult to pull them away from their own agenda and try and get them interested in activity which they do not consider ` fun ' or ` cool ' . this can be cleary see even by the amount of time that young people spend with their own family . we find ourselves resort to use fast but impersonal mode of communication like e-mail and instant message even with our parent and sibling . the amount of human interaction have surely decrease . so where ' s the question of help out one ' S community ? however , I think that the main problem be that most young people do not really know how to help their community . they might also be hesitant as they feel they have nothing special which they can contribute to the community . once this myth be dispel , I think that more youngster might find joy and pride in be part of something big than themselves , their community . young people , with their natural energy and enthusiasm can come up with bright and innovative way of help their community , this can be do in simple but useful way , such as tutor some of the young kid in the neighbourhood , or make a little old lady ' s day by visit her in the old-aged home , or even go all out and organise an event for the whole community to take part in . therefore , while I do agree with the statement , I also have faith in young people that they can and they will put their i-pods down for a while , and devote enough time to help their community . since no amount of compelling or nagging young people to help out will work , it would be more effective to teach by do . I feel this can be achieve by get the whole community involve in a project which everyone find interesting and can take pride in . 	TEL
travel in a group lead by a tour guide present many advantage . first , you can share and exchange your opinion and feeling on site you visit with the groupmates . it be often very enjoyable and refresh to listen to other people ' feedback . second , the tour guide take you only to location that matter the most or that be the most representative of the country visit . therefore you avoid waste of time decide where to go and whether the designate location worthes the visit . the guide be often a great source of important information about the visit site . he can turn the visit in a very interactive way , something you could n't get from a book . finally , the tour and the guide make the travel much more enjoyable as everything be already plan . there be no need then to bother with organization detail and unexpected event . Everything be handle by the guide and the tour company . however , travel in a group and a tour guide may also have some disadvantage . in my eye , be in a group mean that you no longer master your time . unless be selfish and impose your idea to other , you can not do what you want . you get to stay within the bound and respect other people ' wish . and listen to someone whine the whole day because the schedule do not please him be indeed extremely annoy . besides this , a tour mean everything be already plan . there be therefore no room for sudden change of schedule or unexpected location to visit . the exitement might be undermine . if the tour company provide poor service or the guide lack knowledge about the location , then your experience may turn out to be very disappointing and frustrating . another very bad habbit of tour company and guide be the fact that they often take you to location , restaurant , museum with which they have a partnership , a deal , so you be invite to purchase item in those location and not other . personally I dislike very much those practice as I have the feeling to be a kind of toy in their hand . my good advice be to choose carefully the tour company . To rely on other people ' S feedback , friend in order to determine which tour company suit the good our wish and need . about the group , my suggestion be to welcome thing as they come and all the time to focus on what please you the most and to sweep away any little annoy detail . 	FRE
I agree with the statement that successful people be tend to do the thing which be not familliar with them and get risk . I have several reason for this . first , to challenge new thing make people well-round . To take a personal example , when I be junior high school student , I hate to study liberal subject , history , art , music . I have never be to musiums or concert hall . however , when I be university student , I change my mind and try to study liberal subject . Thank for the change , I become to well-round person who can talk any person . as above example illustrate , to try new thing make peaple well-round . second , the people can find their good way when they try new thing . for instance , four year ago , I apply the new project in my company which I do not know how to do well . Althogh I have be sales person for five year , I try the production field of computer company . I do well because I know what the client want to for our product . if I have not try new fileld , I would not success for the job . therefore , I defenetly agree with the statement try new thing and take risk rather than do what people know well make peaple successful . 	JPN
I do not think that in twenty year there will be less car in use than today . it be no likely to happen because automobile represent a huge engine for today ' S economy and some people wo n't let their gold mine to be close . for example , let think about the tire industry and the position of Goodyear or Pirelli about the decrease in the number of car in the near future . I have no doubt they would use as many resource as they have to undermine every idea or project that could result in a contraction of their market . another example be the fuel industry , well say the business of Mobil , BP , Texaco and a few more brand . they have be invest billion of dollar try to avoid the development of alternative source of energy for automobile . their big business be to produce car ' S fuel and they wo n't let it go so easily . if they be contrary to car transformation , logically they will fight fiercely against automobile diminish . another example of how economic issue wo n't let the number of car go small be the fact that public investment in the western country consist mainly in road building . about @card@ % of the public budget all around the western country be use to aloud car circulation . if the number of that kind of vehicle radically go down , it will produce a huge administrative collapse since the traditional political economy would be mennaced . in conclussion , neither the tire industry , nor the fuel producer or the public planner and administrator of the western country will aloud the number of car in use to decrease . in fact , I think in twenty year the economic pressure around the car relate industry and economic field will not only impede the decrease , but will boost the automobile use . 	SPA
Micheal Jordan successed as an amazing NBA basketball player , just as much as Tom Cruise successed as one of the most popular actor in Hollywood . they both become to be well know people , however they be know for different reason and talent . this show that people be good at different thing , and focus on their good talent be the key to success . I disagree to the statement , it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . specialize in one scecific subject be a more definite way to succed , it let you focus good , and it be less stressful . One reason to support my opinion , be that specialize in one specific subject be a more definite way to succed in the future . I feel that have a more broad knowledge of many academic subject , only help you in your childhood . try to earn good grade in all of the class you be take , may be the pressure for think that it be good to have a broad knowledge . have a broad knowledge may also set you off to find what you be good at . however , I believe that what be most important be what you become as , and work hard on what you be good at would actually get you somewhere in life . another reason why I feel that specialize in one subject in good than to have a broad knowledge of various subects , be so you could focus well . try hard ro on subject when you know you have to for another one , could be distracting . I feel that work hard for one subject would let you concentrate well . finally , I feel that it be less stressful to specialize in one subject . for example , I believe that it be difficult for someone to be good in both writing and mathematics . I believe that people usually do not like what they be not good at . if there be subject that you would prefer not to take , because you know that you be not good at , you should rather work hard in a subject you know you like to do . my friend who be very talented in art , be unfortunately not very talented in mathematics . so , what she do be that she do not take any mathema in conclusion , I feel that specialize in one specific subject rather than have a broad knwledge of many academic subject would lead you for a happy life . 	JPN
for a long time ago , I visit Europe with my family in a group lead by a tour guide . although my family pay a great deal of money , we enjoy the travel since the travel be convenient and helpful for increase our knowledge . like my case , people should notice that the good way to travel be in a group lead by the tour guide . first of all , since the tour guide provide enough knowledge and information to people , it be the good way to travel in a group lead by the tour guide . there be two purpose of travel . one be to have a rest and the other be to earn information related coutries or place that people travel . when people travel to acquire knowledge , they need professional guide as it be hard to get information about certain place by their own power . in contrast , when people travel without the tour guide , they will sightsee without get information and this will not be beneficial for increase their knowledge . safety of the tour guide also make the tour guide more attractive . the foreign country or place that people have not visit can be dangerous to people since they can not know factor that can be harmful . therefore , people who travel alone sometimes get in trouble . for example , I hear news that one traveler who visit the foreign country alone be kidnap . thus , to decrease the risk of travel , people should travel in a group lead by the tour guide that have be guide people for a long time and have bountiful knowledge about the dangerous factor , so the tour guide can make the traveler to travel safely . finally , the traveler do not need to concern about their travel plan , if they travel in a group lead by the tour guide . when people plan to travel alone . they have to consider various factor . they have to arrange hotel that they will stay and they have to purchase airplane ticket . also , they have to plan their schedule and choose where to visit to see . however , people who travel in a group by the tour guide do not need to worry about these factor because tour guide company plan everything . What the traveler have to do be just to pay money . To sum up , the good way to travel be to travel in a group lead by the tour guide because people can earn knowledge properly and travel safely . in addition , people do not have to endeavor to make plan . 	KOR
as our topic be about the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . i strongly agree with the note , as it have adavantages over the travel with out a guide . first we discuss about the travel with out guide . as everyone interested to go to new place as per their knowledge . they want to know the each and every thing present over there . before go everyone will do research about that , and information we got be very little when compare when we encounter it . sometimes it miss out good place sourrounded to that , no one be ready to explain the histroy of culture and history of that place and also the how the importance come to that place , all these information be know to the people who staying overthere or people who visit often to the place . now come to the travel with guide , as they have very good of information . now i will give my personal experince so that it elevate the advantage of travel with guide , during my college day we go to the nothern part of the india , it include few place . when go to Tajmahal there we find very beautifull monument ever build , the guide explain the when it be build , who statrted this , and culture follow that time , and some important thing he tell , after listen the lecture he make about Tajmahal , we come to know we have very little information about that . we very much excite about the information , we really feel like we be view that constuction and art . as we think Tajmahal be the only place to visit , but the guide show another beautiful monument just away from Tajmahal . we dont about that before , that be also a good piece too . after that we face some problem regard our trip , just lack of enough time , in that time our guide be so helpful , he plan accordingly out timing so that we not lose even single location . as the guide be a local guy he provide good food too . throughout the journey we make with guide be very interesting and very helpful , after the tour we hear and learn good thing like history information about the place etc . finally my conclusion be its not possible to know the thing that really happen at the historical place , few thing we can read or listen about those place but some we may not . so take a guide be really helpful and informative . so that we can get more information than when we go to the travel without guide . 	TEL
the contemporary youth be surround by very different challenge as well as distinctive opportunity to organize their life . the competition at the job market , for instance , have become very hard and education be now consider to be of utmost importance for future prospect . this can lead to the fact that many youth have not the time to help their community due to the time they spend study for school or college . additionally , modern young people have many option to spend their leizure time . there be so many opportunity for youth to spend their free time , that they might forget to think about other . medium like the television , computer or the Internet be just a few opportunity to spend free time . due to this reason , the youth might be overstrain with the diversity of possibilites that surround them . another factor which can keep young people from be concern about their community can be that many of them be just to lazy to offer their help . the generation of so call ` ` couch potato ' ' illustrate this issue . many young people be just hang around either at home or anywhere else . the reason for this might be , on the one hand , that they lack the guidance of their parent which spend often the whole day working . on the other hand , the invention and improvement of computer game and other source can be a reason why young people spend less time outside the four wall of their room . in addition to this point , it seem also reasonable to me that life standard which have considerably be improve in the contemporary society have make student dull and even indifferent . many young people just do not care if other need their help since they be satisfy with what they have and do not see any reason to think of other , especially their community . with reference to these reason I would agree with the statement that young people do not spend enough time help their community in the contemporary society . the youth , in generall , have many interest that have nothing to do with their community , which can be the peer group , the medium , the school and a huge amount of other issue . additionally , they lack some guidance of their parent or other adult who could make the community more attractive to them . 	GER
there be many way to travel , such as travel with our family , with our friend , as an individual or in a group lead by a tour guide . also the way we choose to travel be highly dependent on a place we choose to go . from my personal experience , I think that travel in a group lead by a tour guide be the good way if we would like to go to a new place or city . there be several reason for this , first and maybe the most important one be that we might choose a country or a city that the local language be not our mother tongue , so the tour guide would be a helpful resource in this case and of course s/he would help us do the procedure such as book a hotel , know the restaurant , etc , while enter the place . also , as we be new in the city and we do not know many thing about its social culture , by have a tour guide with us , we can easily be inform of the useful information about the habit and cultue of the people in that specific country , and we can be well prepare for the travel . the second reason , in my opinion , be the fact that we surely would like to visit many new place in our travel and of course get many new information about the history , art , social life , music , etc of the place . How can we obtain such an information if we travel without a group lead by a professional tour guide have lot of interesting information about the city ? I think it might be possible to do all of these thing if we travel individualy , but really we will waste lot of time on it . third and last , To travel in a group be much more safe than the other way , since there might be some possible danger along out trip , the tour member can be helpful in these case . all in all , if I choose a new place to go , I prefer to travel in a group lead by a skillful tour guide to have a great time and enjoy my trip . 	TUR
with the rapid progress of time everything around us be change rapidly . as the turn come to people , they have change in great aspect . in recent year , people be accustom to be relax . thus , they do not want to take risk . I strongly belive that successful people should take risk and try new thing rather than only do what they already know w to do well because they can get a good job and they have respectful situation in society . To begin with one of the most important reason of try new thing and take risk be that people get a good job . it be obvious that if a person be successful , he/she struggle for gain much money . hence , he/she try to get new opportunity and he/she be ready to new condition . for example , a man be a police and he do not complain abuot his job . however , a successful man want to be a cheff and he struggle to get his goal . in addition to get good job , another crucial cause of try new thing and take risk be have good situation in society . for instance , if a man try to be successful everybody around him respect him . To sum up , i firmly belive that successful p 	TUR
I personally agree with the statement that ` ` young people enjoy life more than old people do ' ' not only beacause they be physically more fit to do so , but also because their outlook on life be full of illusion and great dream . young people ' s first advantage be thier physical condition due to their age . they have a vigorous body and therefore a vigorous mind . mix these with a good moral education and a spirit for adventure and the result can be a young adult that truly and deeply enjoy his life . on the other hand , old peple tend to be limit by their deteriorate body and have to deal with a limited diet and activitiy plan . they can have the moral base and the unbreakable spirit of a young person , but thier body will not keep up with these for a long time . it be obvious that the range of physical activity available to young people in life be much great than that available to old people . sky diving , snowbording , rock climbing be some example of activite off-litimts to old person . the second advantage young peopel posess be their fresh outlook on life . this view of thier life have not be tarnish by mistake , torn relashionships , of fail attempt . their emotion be strong and every new detail life bring to them be embrace with passion . old people tend to carry around old memory of lost love one , of fail attempt , torn relationship , mixed feeling , which in turn drane spiritual energy that would otherwise be use in more effective way to enjoy life . a young person have a well of acomplishing his life goal because he do n't waste valuable energy in regret , or regret . in conclusion , young people have a good chance than oler people to enjoy life at its full , because of physical and emmotional advan 	SPA
I agreeto the above statement because of the follow reason , broad knowledge help in know different thing that we need to learn in our daily life . one should not get accustom to one subject because if we be like that , we cant survive in this competitive world . a human should have knowledge about each and every thing that be essential in his life , by learn every subject and obtain the knowledge from various field , a man can survive in any part of these world particularly in any field . after have a very good knowledge in every field , we can come to know the importance of various field in our daily life which can be useful atleast once in our life . we shouldhave a knowledge about various academic subject like LITERATURE , Arts , Science and TECHNOLOGY , Pharmacy etc just i mention a very few important subject that have a vital role in our human life . any way after have a broad knowledge about the various subject , we can achieve a very good knowledge which can improve the creativity and individuality of the human . we should learn various subject for get a grip all over the subject that be neccesary for a man to survive and copeup with this competitive world . by learn and experience various thing in our life , we can able to understandfor any kind of situation that lead acoss our life , by this learn atleast we can develop humanity towards other people and we can be kind to them . by know various thing and have knowledge at the same time man should not missuse this scientific knowledge by destroy country by discovring some nuclear bomb etc we should use our great knowledge for develop the welfare of our country but not by destroy with a criminal mentality . therefore i agree to the above statement give , why because by have a broad knowledge about various subject atleast we can know the minimum neccesities that be useful in our human life , bylearning about various subject , late on we can do specialization only in one subject that we be interested and help in develop our carrer in this busy life . now a day many of the engineering it people people be settle in the software field for have an exposure to various field . 	TEL
in my opinion , young people actually enjoy life more than old people do . I hold this opinion because young people be less weak , less afraid , and less fragile than old people tend to be . first of all , the majority of young people have alot of energy they can disperse without become tired easily . while most age people get tired after just one activity , young people , like student , can do many activity in just one day . even after long hour of work in school , they can easily take part in an afterschool activity , and then come home to do homework and chore . on the other hand , old people get tired quickly even after one activity , such as clean the house . be able to do many activity in one day promote the sense of accomplishment and happiness , and thus young people who have more energy enjoy life more than old people . in addition , young people tend to be more brave than old people , and take more risk . risk , because no outcome can be predict , add excitement to the life of young people . however , most old people prefer be stable and assure , and do not take risk . for example , alot of young people will travel to distant country , and gain more experience . however old people prefer remain where they be . thus in the life of old people thing be monotonuous and predictable , whereas in the life of young people , nothing can be predict and everything be exciting . furthermore , young people be also more mentally capable than old people . as people grow old , they lose their ability to concentrate for long period of time , or to learn new thing . in contrast , young people be full of potential and can learn new thing , like another language or a new recipe . learn new thing be very enjoyable , and young people who have the advantage of good mental capability , enjoy life more than old people . old people be restrain by various factor , such as fragility and inability to continue activity for long period of time . however , because young people be strong physically , mentally , and also have less fear , their life be fill with excitement and fun , enable them to enjoy life more than old people do . 	KOR
I agree that the young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . it be because that the technology now be much well than before , the young people now be too happy , and the effect of the medium . the technology today we have be way good than @card@ or @card@ year ago and young people have more entertainment in their life . the bad thing be that most of the young people spend most of their time to go along with these entertainment such as TV , Vadio game , MP3 , and computer . compare to the old day , people would be more helpful in their community since they do not have much entertainment . they would spend a whole afternoon in a community centre to help and learn . young people would spend most of their time in front of a computer or a TV instead of help their community be because there be too many good thing wait for them . moreover , not care other people be the point of view that the young people mostly have now . it be because they have not be in a hard time in their life since birth . they be too happy , and so they do not have an idea of help other . the old people would spend time to help other because they know that even a little help would be a gift for some people . so , the young people would not spend a lot of time to help thier community because they do not know that their help would be a great reward for some people . finally , the attudite of the young people be a problem as well . if the medium encourage them , there would be a lot of helper in the world . Media be the passway that the young people relate the most , so if the medium encourage the young people to spead time to help their community and tell them that a lot of people would need help , they would spend more time to help . therefore , the improvment of technology , the way and attudite that the society be have now and the effect of the medium be the most important thing that make young people do not give enough time to help their community . 	CHI
I donot agree with the statement here which say that advertisement make the product seem much good than they be . I really feel it because a product owner know that how the product be make and how it work so all the other matter he will be think on quality of product and how it will be reahed to people in correct way and thought . To make him this possible the only thing he haas in his hand be how to advertise it . so he feel a good way to advertise the product so that the product reach the people and people come to know how worthy it be . without advertise now a day it take a long for a product to get settle in market and make its own stamp on that field to go into people . the advertising may not be think as a thing that to make people to totally beleive it but in advertisement and also on the product clearly producer say what it do and how it do , so base on requirement only the consumer buy the product but not the way it be advertise . here we have to be careful that how it be advertise , to make an advertisement only the product must pass many test that the product be introduce to market so by certify only the product be release to market . so base on the requirement fulfill by product only the advertisement be do . not all the producer follow the same method but base on how much be the product cost the advertisement be do . the advertisement be do accord to the taste of owner that how could it be advertise . some use medium as the advertising agent , some use marketer , some use paper phamplets to say there be many way to advertise . base on their taste and their capacity producer advertise their product . the way that the advertisement be very interesting in such a way that , by see them people would get of thought of buy them . some of producer to get hold of the market and sale they would use celebrity , well know person as their suit for advertisement by pay them a large amount of money . as advertisement be the only chance of make people know its a very important one . for example now government be also depend on advertisement to make people know about thing , project be do . here in my state a celebrity be the on for advertising about the polio programme do by government . so that people will know about it very quickly and correctly . so government also rely on the advertising show u how important the advertisement be . To make the conclusion of the thing that advertisement be a good instrument and as fake advertisement be not do they make the product seem to be as it be but they donot make them feel well than they reaaly be . 	TEL
Imagne one situation : you be sleep well on your warm bed and you be dream kiss someone you admire , however all the romantic stop by a sequence of loud knock to tell you wake up and go for a trip . What be your response ? terrible , please send to me the hell ! on my point of view , I think it be rediculous to travel in a group lead by a tour guide . the situation be one of the problem . I be a lazy guy and I really want to have appointment with my lover in my dream , however , you disturb it and ask me to go travel ! the member of a group be diver , as a consequnce , it be hard to set a time good for everyone . when the tour guide wake the member up , perhraps some guy feel unwilling to get up to go . this will not only make the group tired and also make them unhappy . the situation be not the only problem . if we be form a group , that mean we can not go separetly . we be just like small child follow our teather ( tour guide ) to travel . it be inconvinent for the group member and may lose some beauty . just think I find somewhere really beautiful but the tour guide say they be not in the plan ! How can I do ? Can I jump out of the group ? No . those two situation almost drive the group member crazy , but the bad be still to come ! the tour guide become the dominant of the group . How bad ? bloody bad . without that guy , we can do nothing but sleep and wait . that mean if the tour guide want us to go some place that we do not intereting , we should go because our ` ` king ' ' ask us to go ! all of group member must listen to the tour guide or they will be cast away . All the thing happen on the way of the travel be suffer for all of the group member . What I learn from the just refer situation that drive the poor group member crazy be that travel in a group lead by a tour guide be not the good way to travel . 	CHI
it be a hot topic that successful people be love to try new thing and take risk rather than keep to do what they already know how to do well . Manu different people hold the different opinion in the respective angle . in this topic , I need to say I agree that the success be belong to the people who like the new thing and not afraid the risk . there be teo reason to support my idea . first , I think the most important quality be find . the people who like to contact new way can always find the solution when they meet the problem . in contrast , if you just rely on the tradition way to solve the problem , you be limit your situation and may not overcome it . in other word , if you be not afraid the proble and face it , you can find it be not a proble for you easily . for example , when I be a child , I need to wait my mon to pick me up and back home after school . One day , my mon ca n't pick me because my grandmother be sick and she need to go to hosiptal . in that time , there be no mobile phone to be the conatct access . my mon be very nevous that she can not find me . in the mean time , I try to find something to do and go to the library . in there , I meet my brother who be study and he take me back home finally . second , another quality be brave . people will sucess because not afraid to try any way to complish their goal . in gernery , many way mean many chance . that be also measn you be increase your chance when you be try the new t in conclusion , because of the above reason , I strongly believe that people who like new thing and advantures will be successful easy . 	CHI
in an advertisement , ` ` Dior ' ' , everything look like perfect and beautiful . however , the truth be , it ' S the same as you think when you buy the product . like this , many product look well show in the advertisement than in reality . so , i agree that most advertisement make product looke good than they be in real . the effect of this phenomenon be negative . the product be not that good such as show in the advertisement . and also it sometime lead to a waste of money . first , the product which you see through TV or Internet and buy it because it seem really good be not that good . for instance , one of my friend buy a mp-3 which be publicise on TV . on the advertisement the mp-3 look cool and its sound system sound very good . but when he get it , the product ' S shape be not that cool as show on TV . and also the sound system be n't really good at all . so , he really regreted the fact that he buy it . secondly , since you buy the product which look good on TV without check the information of it , it ' s a waste of money . often , when you turn the TV on , a lot of advertisement about movie be advertise . and it make the movie really good . so , when you go to see that movie , you might be disappoint . One day , I see ` National Treasure ' ' advertise on TV which look really exciting . so , I go to see that movie with my friend and watch it . it be really boring and I even sleep for a moment . the advertisement look exciting with action it get , but in the real movie , there be few action and the story be inaceptable for me . I think not all advertisement make the product look good than it be in real , but most of them do . and I think that advertisement should make the product look as it be in reality . 	KOR
petrol be the main source of energy use nowadays but the problem be that scientist ' S research say that there be n't alot of petrol still store in the earth ' S crust . most of the petrol which be underground be dug up . people nowadays use a lot of petrol for their car and they do n't think about the future . they dont think what will happen when the petrol run out ! . the petrol dugged from the earth ' S crust be decrease every day very rapidly due to the huge number of car present on earth and the factory use petrol as a source of energy . as the petrol present decrease its price will increase a lot ! . sometime in the near future the price of petrol will be very high that alot of people ca n't afford it , so people will have car but they ca n't afford the petrol ! ! ironic be n't it ? ! . on the other hand , a lot of scientist be now devote themselves to stop this crisis before it happen . so they be research different source for energy like solar energy and electric energy . there be other source of energy that be be research but electric and solar energy be the one be focus on but the problem be that both this energy source be not dependable . first , the sun give out vast amount of energy but the problem be it be not available all day long . it be not available at night . second , electric energy be a good source of energy but the problem be nowadays electric energy be conduct by conducters which work on petrol so that bring us to the first problem ! ! . there be no definite solution to the problem of petrol be finish , the only thing people can do be that they try to decrease the use of petrol now to try and stall this crisis from happen . so in my opinion in twenty year definitly there will be few car in use than there be today . 	ARA
personally speak , I do n't think the good way to travel be in a group lead Bt a guide . firstly , travel be a course for relax and feedom for sight see . if we do everything in the trip follow by someone , it just look like work as usual . when I take a trip by myself or with my friend , we could go everywhere we want , we could eat everything we like . we talk and laught loudly , and we enjoy myself . secondly , in the jounry , the time we spend in the place we love be depend on how much we like . if we find some place beautiful , we can have a good time there for long . once we feel tired during some part in a trip , we can stop and have a rest , we can have a drink in the cafe in the way , too . no one could stop you . thirdly , it be say that the tour guide may show you manythings so you would learn more in the trip , however , in my opinion , it be not neccssary for me to know much by hear the guide say , also , it make me tire , during the holiday , we should enjoy and learn thing by tring and see by outrselves . we will find more while we take a try in everth . the good way to travel be to travel yourself or with your few good friend . it will give you a hard forgetable time , and your frinendship would be deep . I be not here tosays the other choice be bad , but I think , not as good as mine , you know , travel in group may make you tired . . so , I do n't think the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide , enjioy yourself in the travel . 	CHI
over the last century , advertising have become one of the most developped and i ; portant activity in humankind . it suurounds us everywhere today : on television of course , in the street , in the subway , on our car . . . we can not avoid it . some may say that : ` ` most advertiser make product seem much good than they really be ' ' . do they ? be advertise that simple ? do they not take into account the risk it create when the customer will be disappoint ? first of all , the question seem simple , of course they do , they sure will not make their product seem bad . they be pay to sell something to people who do not even want to buy it in the first place , who do not even need it sometimes . they must create a need in customer ' mind and a will to buy precisely that product . How could they do that without make their product look good , even good than they be , to kind of sell dream to people . it be not what they do it for but in the end they kind of give hope to people , like when one see an advertisment who would make one believe that the product it defend be exactly what one have hope to find during all these year , or tht it be so much better that all its competition . that be why in all soap spot , the laundry be white and smooth than ever or in all shampoo spot , the actress ' hair shine more than ever . however , be it always like that ? do not advertiser fear people to stop buy a product because they be deceive by the difference with the ad ? actually , even if it be not to be more honest with people , some advertiser use other technique to sell their product . they can choose to criticize their competition in order to make their product look well by comparison . it be what be importat in the end that the buyer choosse your product over the other . it be use by Coca Cola in a spot in which a little girl show her deceivement with thw voice of a godfather when she be give a Pepsi Cola and not the Coca Cola she order . advertising could also use reversed psychology , maybe to play with people curiosity , like the campaign use do not go and see that movie , it be bad for instance . To conclude , I would say that whereas other technique exist , most advertiser make product seem good than they really be . nowadays , eventhough people know all they see in advertising be not true , they fall for it anyway and that be how tha consumption society get this far . 	FRE
I totally agree with that statementa that young people recently do not have enough time to help their community . there be several reason why I think so : rack of time and busy life , and unfamiliarity with the community . first of all , I be also one of the young people who do not engage in help their comunities . in my opinion , the big reason be that they be just too busy jsut to go to school . in my case , even I want to give my time to help my community , I do not have enough time t spend in it because of the school . recently , many student go private school far from the house not public school locate close to the house . I also go to private school . the school be so far that it take me one and a half hour to get there . Threfore , it be difficult to find and spare the time to contribute to my community because of lack of the time . second , most student even elementry school student go to juku school after school because amny parent and student be not satisfy with the education of the school or they think they need support school study . therefore , they do not have time even to have familty time or to hang out with friend . student of the age that be the time to take entrance examination to next school such as high school or university go juku almost whole week . consequently , they would rather to have time to spend with family or friend if they could find the time . third , they and I feel the community be not familiar with us . I be sure all people know each face of their all neighbor and they communicateed each other a lot long time ago , To my disppointment , it do not happen now . I just move new city so I do not know about my community and my neighbor . as a result , even there be a festival , I always do not participate in it because there be no people who I know . I guess it occur to people nowadays a lot . in conclusion , I be in agreement that most young people do not spare enough time to support their community . even they want to help them , it be not easy because recent childrent be have busy day . I think we need to find the way to community to be more active at first . 	JPN
young people now-a-days do not give enough time to help their community . I agree with the above statement that young people do not give enough time to help their community . there be many reason to support this . firstly , in this competetive world young people be much concern with their carreer , goal and their aim so , they be more involve in their study . as a purpose they go to college regularly and study their day to day lesson regularly . the subject have become so vast that they have to refer many book and it take much time for them . so , they do not have much time on other activity such as , help their community . secondly , the people now a day show much interest in enjoy themselves with their friend . they either go to movie or restaurant or pub or to the play ground with their friend . they be always in a mood to enjoy themselves . they do not help the community because they do not spare their time to work on good thing and help their community . thirdly , the people these day become very selfish and they do their own work which be helpful to that particular individual . they do not want to help his community which be beneficial to all . that be why he concentrate mainly on his work rather than help the community . finally , now-a-days people be more attract to medium such as television , newspaper , magazine , weeklys etc . , . people be more concentrate on these know about the world through news paper and news on television and other mean . there be also a rapid growth of importance for computer and Internet and it draw the attention of young people towards it . young people be much attract to find the new thing and they browse the Internet spend most of their time find out the information that be useful to them . due to these above stated reason , now - a-days people , mainly youngster do not spend enough time to help their community . 	TEL
be ask , the question , whether there would be less car in twenty year in use than today , my answer would be a strong ` ` no ' ' . firstly a raise in population and wealth can be see all over the planet . more and more people from the Asian country be able to buy a car and they do so . and this be just today . probably in twenty year peole from Africa will be also able to buy car , so a great need will be there on the market . secondly the automotive industry develop new car each year . this tendency to create nice and fancy model from year to year probably will contiune . public resonds exit to it . just have a look at the crowded exhibition like IAA or Genfer Salon . people from all class come there to watch the car and they be fascinate . so in spite of not have enough money to buy a certain car , people tend to do so anyway . this be show in statistic of car dealer , which show , that more and more car be not pay when buy , but on a monthly base afterwards . there might be some critical voice , state , that there will be some law in future day , to cut the use of car extremly in order to protect the environment . be an engineer in the automotive industry I do not believe that might occur . team of expert spend hour day by day to improve the car , to make them more effective and to reduce the amount of poisson , that come out of the exhaust . for be prepare for the day , when oil will become a rare good , the engineer already today think about method of build new engine , that work without oil . so to summarize my statement it can not be say , that there will be less car in twenty year than today . for reason such as general welth developement , no political restricions due to good technics and mainly because people will be just as fascinate as today by the new car , develop from the automotive industry . 	GER
I disagree with this statement . there be three reason . first , anybody can enjoy its life whether he/she be young or old . that ' s the matter of feel or think of individual , not age . you can see it from the statistic about the age of suicide people . the number of old be n't different much as young people ' s . they die because of dissapointment to their life . I think that may be one of the proof of young people do n't enjoy life . second , that olders who usually move and speak slowly may give an impression to people to think they be boring or have nothing to do . it be not true . Thank to their experience and knowldges come from their long life , they know how to enjoy and have fun in their way in any situation . old Third , the number of old people who go to educational facility , like city college , be still increase . that mean they have passion to get high education and enthusiasm to earn new knowledge . compare to old people , young seem spend much 	JPN
` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . ' ' I agree with the above statement that successful people should try and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . a person must first secure his position both financially and mentally by do what he be skilled in . then there be no point in do the same thing again and again and produce the same result . for a person to grow in life , he must try innovative mean to do the same work or try new thing and take risk . as we know , do the same work repeatedly will add nothing but boredom to one ' S life . To add spice to life , one must try something new . but this should be do carefully and responsibly so that it do not affect one ' s existing reputation and profession . let us consider one of the giant in global economy , Mr.Dhirubhai Ambani who be the founder and Director of Reliance Industrial group in India . he initially enter the market in the final quarter of the 20th century by start a textile firm which he struggle very hard to develop into a very big company . he be very successful and be financially very secure at that time . yet , he be a true entrepreneur and try out innovative thing and take many risk by enter petroleum industry . now Reliance petroleum be a very big name in Indian economy . in addition to the above mention industry , he also start Reliance telecommunication which be the first CDMA mobile service in India . he reap huge profit through this . Infact , Reliance group have enter Energy and retail sector also . today , Reliance Group stand among the top @card@ company globally . All this would not have be possible if he have not take the risk and enter into these business instead of hold on to the textile business . so I think it be always good to secure your position first both financially and mentally and then try out innovative thing and take risk to develop your business . a successful man do n't rest at any point of time but strive hard to be more successful . successful people try new thing and take risk rather than do what they already know how to do well . 	TEL
the idea that student should learn idea and concept rather than fact neither look logic nor rational . I would completely disagree with that idea for a lot of reason . I do think that in order for young grow people to learn fact of life and science in different speciality in order to be able to have the idea of their own , otherwise they will just come with mix out idea and concept . so it be sort of chronological process . I do not think for example how would a student could come up with certain invention or innovation in certain machine or subject without clearly take in all the basic fact of how this machine be work and the basic scientic factor contolling its function or he may end up with catastrophy . another reason , be that study of fact broaden the horizon of the student vision , then he would be quite capable of find out the concept and basic idea by himself , by study how every thing in life would correctly work . it be only after pass that stage of basic learnig that his ability to investigate and relate new concept and theory . young student tend to be arrogant if they believe that they know concept and idea , that would be useful only after ensure they really learn the fact and be able use them in the proper context . and last but not least , education be an active process , and unless the student force from their younghood to learn hard and give fact and certain assignment they would be reluctant to offer any thing useful to the world or be aid in world ' S progress . it be that young age that student could be teach all the human science and knowlege and if we start by the idea of come off teach them the fact and basic science we will end up with ignorant generation . in conclusion , i belief student should be teach fact and basic of science rather than merely give them idea and concept as it would not help them enough to proceed in their career . 	ARA
the acadimic knowledge be the information gain start from the elementry school , end with the high level of the university . there be two way ' S would face the student who want to prsue his graduate study after finish his bachelor degree in any major . the first one be to complete what he have start and in the same major , like what they be saing , ` ` its good to know a thing about every thing , and to know every thing about one thing ' ' . or in the other way of the road be to chang his major and go to an other subject . some Graduate program be design for those who want to mix there knowledge and try to open a new door in there life . for example , some paple , who have an engineering bakeground , be go to the buesniss school , to compaine their basic knowledge , in problem solve , with the way of apply this knowledge in the buesniss . there be alot of amazing storey about people find that its a good way to explore the world of knowldge in several way and to see that world through more than one point of view . 	ARA
I agree with this be the good way to travel be in group lead by a tour guide . if u will go to the visit the one country without guide . if you know little bit about the visit place you can manage what ever you know about the country . you want visit more place in that country u dont know about the visit place then you need guide . there be no guide along with you whatever u know you can visit the place . if there be more visit place be there you can not visit that place . at the same time you can face languge problem . if you visit the place simply by see the place it be waste if the guide be along with you he can explain if there be a histerical place be present . if you know about visit place completely u dont need a guide . in some case if you want to visit the new place uyou want know the language of that visit place . at the some time food at thevisiting place be not good . if you take the guide along with he be familier with that place this can be helpful to us . guide know the languge so that there be no communication problem . next some visit place food be not good . so guide know the where the food available fresh food . another one be he be familiar with whatever the visit place be there in the visit place . another one be he well know about the which hotel be good and which hotel be available at our allowabel financial . it wiil beeter to go with guide whenever you t 	TEL
some people try to have broad knowledge of many academic subject , while other wish to specialize in one specific subject . I believe it be more preferable to first have vast knowledge . first , knowledge be good for my child . if I have more knowledge , I will be able to educate my child well . my father use to teach me thing that I do not learn at school . for example , my school do not teach why water be form around a glass of cold water . I be always curious about it , and it be my fater who tell me the answer . as my father teach me , I want to do the same thing to my child . in addition , the chance of get a job increase . Let ' s say that I take geometry , biology , and psychology in college . although I do not specialize in one subject , I still have a lot of information in each subject . I can be a math teacher , a worker in biological museum , or a guidance counselor at middle school . What will happen if I specialize only in geometry ? once I can not be a geometry teacher , I will have nothing to do , but just wait . finally , I can pick a subject and specialize in it later . I will experience and evaluate the subject while I learn many subject . after the education , I will have a pretty good idea which subject fit my interest . use the same example as before , let ' s assume that I become very interested in biology . people say there be no end to learn ; I will not hesitate to take biology again and go deep into it . in conclusion , I think learn a variety of subject be important , because it allow me to teach my child , get a job , and specialize in subject that be suitable for me . 	KOR
when I be @card@ year old I travel with my mother all around Europe . she pay to a travel agency to have a guide in our trip . that adventure be amazing ! if I would have the chance to experiment the same situation , I would not have second thoghts about pay a tour guide again . so I be completely agree with the idea of travel in a group lead by a tour guide . first of all , I am agree with pay someone to show me around because it be the good way to visit everything in a city , in which I do not know anything about it . furthermore , this guide can show me the history , the monument , the anegdotes , traditional restaurant and place to party , and all of these for the same price ! for instance , in the trip that I mencionated at the begining , the one that I do with my mother , this guide show us every single place of France ; actually my mother go by her self three year before we do and thank this guide she learn new more thing about Paris . second of all , if I travel with a guide tour I be go to be save because this person suppose to know the right way at the good time to visit the city so I do not have to worry about which rout should I take to not surprise my self with any problem . To summarize I prefer to travel with a tour guide because I think that it be the good way to learn thing about a new place . in addition , a person be good than a book , because any question you have she or he can answer it at the moment and also the personal experience of a tour guide be more interesting that the once that you can find in a book . 	SPA
yes , i do agree with the topic that young people enjoy life more than the old people . this topic be very interesting one because many people maynot agree with my view . life be not as it be some year ago , it have become very fast pace . due to this even the stress level have increase , so it be difficult for the old one to survive . the old people be not able to compete with their young rival . this mean they be not able to enjoy their work or the sucess it bring . so it would be fair to say the young be able to enjoy life more . sometime back I read in a novel that Alexander could pursue his plan vigourously only due to his youth . from history , we do know that the great emperor Trajan lament that he could do nomore conquest due his old age . so this show that in order to do most of the thing in life we need youth . so to even enjoy life and it ' s pleasure we need youth . we have read in numerous storey that man have be search for the elixir of youth to stay young forever . even many of the modern day research be go on to slow the age process and it ' S effect , billion of dollar be be spend on it . To do many adventure in life also we need youth . youth be a divine gift which must not be waste because you ca n't get it back . so we must finish important thing in life when we have youth else we be too late . so this be my personal opinion . I be not say that oldage be a curse or anything rather that youth be a blessing , so we have to use to the maximum i.e , enjoy life when we have the youth so we wo n't regret in our oldage . 	TEL
nowadays young people do not give enough time to help community . I desagree about that . there be many reason why i desagree . first , it shoul n't say a generality . there be lot of young people who help our community . for example , when Katrina destroy Louisina and Alabama , young peolpe help this citys , they have organize a basketball game of charity , with the NBA player . an other example , young people help old person and give enough time instead of to play football or go to the shopping . nowadays , young people give enough time for their community , they organiz party for the child , take time in the hospital to give their help . they create association to beat the A.I.S.D , poverty and the childrens in the hospital who have not money . often young star back to do a show for bring money for asscociation and for to build house , park , stadium . finally i think young people work enough for thier cmmu 	FRE
I do n't really agree with the statement which say that learn idea and concept be more important than learn fact , because I believe both of them be important skill student need to learn to possess during their learn period , and they both be crucial for those who wish to become a person who can think critically and creatively . first , I believe that learn idea and concept from previous scholar and great thinker be important for student who have n't possess a fix thinking style yet . since they be still young and changeable , they can learn thing from other ' idea and belief and find out what kind of idea they would prefer more in and try to adopt those idea in their own daily experince . for example , a student can try to examine whether the idea that cooperate with other be always well than work on one ' s own be true or not , while he or she use different technique work on a preject . if this student find out that work together be more efficient , he or she might want to try this method again in the future . secondly , I think that there be a lot of different angle we can look at one thing or even an object , which mean that there be a lot of aspect for us to examine a fact when use different idea and concept . when student learn a fact , they can try to use their previosly-learned different idea and concept to look at it . after examine thing from numorous aspect , through different idea and concept , student will start to understand the diversity of every single fact , and eventually , learn to think critically and flexibly . for eample , S tudent might find out that work with other be sometimes more efficient , but there be also a lot of risk he or she might encounter . finally , it be always important for everyone of us to have our own set of idea and concept towards this great universe ; we need to try to come up with our own thinking system and develop our unique way to examine different fact . we learn from other ' idea and concept ; we examine these through our daily experience ; we match them with fact to see if they be correct ; and finally , we will develop our own way of thinking . there be the reason which make me believe that both learn idea and fact 	CHI
I think that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept rather than to merely learn fact , hence forth agree to the statement . One of the good example to support this statement go back in time before the renassance period in Europe . the roman catholic church at that time be the ruling authority . they propose false fact that the earth be the centre of the solar system and that all the other planet revolve around it . this be tought to the mass and then at that time preference be give to the fact even if they be untrue regardless of the underlyng concept on how a solar system work . so even if the fact didnt have any underlie idea to it or concept , it be give importance , thus the result that people live under a lie . now if the idea that understand and conceptualize be more importand than just learn mere fact be present at that time , there would have be a great advancement in the knowledge of the universe even before the renesance priod . the statement also support one of the idomoms that ` ` necessity be the mother of invention ' ' . if the student be expose to only fact , which be a kind of invention by other who understand idea before , there would not be any room for free thinking and the resultant , which in this case be the future ( student be the future ) would be stagnate ! also I believe that some fact can be alter and/or prove wrong by understand idea and concept . again the example state above serve for this statement . at the renessance period the false fact be prove wrong by free thinker like Galleleo with the help of their ability to understand idea and concept . great discovery and invention be make at that perioid and many new fact be make . thus all and all we can consider that one need to develop idea and concept in Order to make fact in the first place and that fact be just resultant part of it . 	HIN
in our world which be surround by the technology and it ' s equipment people start to with the tecnology and it ' S affect to the daily life ; everybody start to meet new thing which make their life easier than before . for example ; wash machine ; dish machine ; frigator ; television and as a last step of today there be cellphone ; computer ; Internet etc . all of them which I mention be make easy our life and I be sure there will be invent more thing later . before these invention there be cooperation in every area ; woman be do the wash duty together near the river ; they bake a bread together too or farmer be help by other to clean the farm . from the time the technology interfere their life ; people start to do this activity at home . this lead people to be a little bit alone . maybe this can be define as good but I personally define it as ` bad ` . on the other hand ; what I can define as ` good ' be ; help people be more easy now . for example if you want to make a donation you do not need to go to the charity or the bank ; you just open the Internet ; type the address and give the credit card number . it be so easy . finally because of these reason I strongly believe that young people be give enough time to help the community . 	TUR
Travilling be sometimes for holiday and see new place but sometimes it be for job . for the first , you can travel yourself or travel with a group lead by a tour guide . sometimes you need the first one , sometimes the second one . I disagree the statement ; the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . it change accord to the your physchology or your destination , that can be abroad or inside of your conutry . I prefer travel my own becuse of several reason . firstly , when you travel with a group lead by tour guide you must fallow them all your travel . it sound do not come me good . it seem very resricted and boring . before you travel to some place sometimes you make some search about this place anda you imagine something also you plan something . when you travel with a group if a tour guide will plan to see place , where you plan to see , it be a problem . Addtion to this , you can be bore the place but because of the group you must be in there . so it be not a good situtaion . secondly , tour guide generally take you historical place . sometimes it be a good but for person who be not interested with history or art it be also bad situtaion . in conclusion there be many reason like these to prefer travel my own . tour may not be good as you espected . the hotel may not be clear or comfortable . Altough there be some advantage of travalling with a group lead by a tour guide , 	TUR
I agree with the statement that the young people nowaday do not give enough time to help their community . they spend too much time in studing their class , waste much of their time in personal enjoyment , and do not understand the real meaning of help their community . as a fact , the parent in Taiwan always want their child to have good academic achievement more than the other thing . they want their young people to study again and again , and do not expect them to pay any attention and spend much time to the other thing except read and studing . as a result , the young people will not spend much time to the other thing such as help their community . the young people be still like child , so they prefer to play such as spend their time to play computer game or watch TV in an air-conditioned room in their vacation or off-school time rather than to help their community outside the door , espcially in a hot summer weather in Taiwan . for example , my nephew be a teenager , but he do not know any thing about the community where he live for more than ten year . he prefer to talk to his friend by cellar phone , and have a date with his girl fiend . he spend his time to help his community only when his high school ask him to hand out the report about his service in his community and the report will be grade . except this . when I suggest that he may have a community service in our community , he be surprise that I have such a strange idea that he never have . in conclusion , it become a common social phenomenon that the young people do not give enough time to help their community because their parent and the whole community do not facilitate them to help their community and give a good reward and help them to understand the real meaning of help their community . as such , the young people be loose their recognition of their own community . 	CHI
yes , i totally agree with this term of travel in a group lead by a tour guide . it be mainly because as we be a tourist so we dont know much about the place in a particular place . we will visit only those place which be know to us . but if you travel in a gruoup lead by a tour guide you will be able to see more new place that u have neevr imagine to see in that particular place . the tour guide play a very important role in make our tour very intresting and adventurous . he tell us about the storey of the different place of that place and make us feel more and more excited to visit that place . I visit Agra ( India ) . I be travel with my friend and we all plan to hire for a tour that be lead by a guide so that we can visit more and more place and can come to know about the history of those place . as i know , Agra be a city of history . it have lot of history in it and i want to know the proper history of that place . I be sure that only a group tour guide can only tell us about it and i be not wrong at all . he tell the whole group about the history of all those historical place in that town . as we know one of the Seven Wonders ` Taj Mahal ' be also locate in that city . I be touch by listning the history of that wonder . not only me but the whole group be touch by what all he tell us about it . I think i be not in that group with that guide i would have never enjoy my trip to Agra . as i would not have come to know all wat he tell to the whole group . the history of great Taj Mahal . since then i love to travel in a group which be lead by a tour guide . actually what i think one should must visit new place in a group lead by a tour guide . Im say so mainly because you come to know about the place of that town and everything about that town . if you like it then you can come again on your own without a torurist guide . but if you be visitng a new place for the first time then you have to travel in a group which be lead by a tour guide . if you have a tour guide then you need not have to take ant tension for accomodation traveeling from one place to another . All these task be do by a tour guide only . we dont even have to buy ticket again and again . in all when we be travel in a group lead by a tour guide we be in a full mood of enjoy . no work tension nothing . only enjoyment and enjoyment . so i think the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . 	HIN
young people definitely contain the advantage of a fresh thought and innovative independent spirit , differently from the elderly that have often experience much of the world ' s phenomenological offering and seem to approach situation with more tranquility and serenity . however , this proneness of both group of people to behave in a certain manner do not determine the exact outcome of the indiviual development of personality , which be a key factor that truly determine how effectively a person choose to enjoy the beauty of his or her existence . hence , when we speak of a vast majority one should definitely considerate the fact that youngling be more open to challenge and extasis than senior citizen who seek a calm state of being , which to the eye of society be less likely to express the true enjoyment of life . young people have the strenght and availabity to discover new ground ; it be part of our nature that whenever we discover and explore , sentiment of joy fill our soul . that be what young people take advantage of , this be , their physical condition and psychological standpoint that drive them to seek gratifying experience more often than elder do , and finally accomplish such goal . my grandfather use to play soccer when he be young and that be his favorite sport . he receive so much joy and gratification from this activity that he would never miss a game . now , he be @card@ year old and all he want to do be rest . he use to tell me : ` ` Soccer be it son , once it ' s go , you only live from your memory ' ' . now I be a soccer player and this sport have become part of who I be , like a blueprint . my life would not be the same if I do not play , due to the fact that I find so much joy and happiness in it . thus , I believe young people do enjoy life in a more complete manner , not to be unjust or parcial , but because it go beyond what be palpable , it be a cycle , the cycle of life . just like a flower reach its most beautiful point and open up in all its splendor and after a certain time dry up and die , similarly be a man who live and finish his race . even though old people might find joy in different task , their cycle alrady allow them to reach a certain climax that be once consider as true enjoyment , therefore lead the way for those behind them to discover and get to search for the same type of gratification , make the level of joy definitely high at a young age . 	SPA
I think it be very much essential for a student to understand the idea and concept rather than learn the fact . these day the technology have develop , new thing be be invent this be only because of the main reason that be logical thinking about some thing . the invention of the telephone do not make Graham Bell ( who invent telephone ) to refer for the fact . instead , he think it logically and implement physical experiment by use concept . as we look at many of the scientist of the early age they donot think much about the fact , rather they understand the idea about how to implement it . so it be good for a student to study different concept and implement his idea . let us consider another example . if the student do think only about the fact they only bother about few thing like only Oil , petrol , kerosine and white petrole be the combustion fuel , and automotives can not run without petrol or diesel . if that be the case , Sastry who be a student would not have discover the fuel for the automobies . he extract some solution by use a plant ' S leaf and mix that with some chemical and finally use as a fuel for automobile . this be mainly depend on lot of understanding about the concept and keep a hard effort to implement his idea . this idea would be great benificial for the society . and come to the secondary of the topic which deal with the learning of fact . it be useful to some extent for the student . this be because when we deal about the solar system , and a student be be ask about what be the shape of the earth , or how many planet be there in the solar system ? then the student may refer to the fact rather than experiment on that . 	TEL
it be debatable whether travel alone be the good way to travel that by a tour guide . some people might recommend to travel alone a least once in order to have alone time to sort out our think and relieve stress by have peace away from their heavy load of taks . however , I firmly believe that go on a trip alone be not the good way to travel because there be many dangerous vacation spot and it be time consuming . first of all , travel in a group of people with tour guide be much safe . it be a tour guid who know well about the vacation spot base on their previous experience by live the place for a long time . we not only obtain accurate information that the place we should not go but also be protect with a member of group by move with a lot of people . therefore , by travel with a group of people lead by tour guide allow people not to face unexpected situation include lose their money by lobberies , meet gangster and lose their way . for example , when I travel Hong Kong alon two year ago , I go to the opposit direction to the park that I have plan to go . I could not speak Chinese so , I could not ask anything to the people around me . I feel scare and cry all they long . in addition , travel with tour guid in a group be much time saving . this be because poeple do not have to make a schedual research the information about famous place by comb through all the book and call all the hotel to reserve . Poeple just follow guide direction withouth worring to check the time schedule of transportation , wherher the hotel reservation be available or not . without worring those thing , people can spend more enjoyable time with goup of people by talk about their feeling and share impression each other . To demonstrate , accord to the research conduct of Labor of Korea in @card@ , @card@ % people feel more memorable and enjoyable trip when they travel with a group of poeple by tour guide . in addition , they answer that the reason why they feel happy with the trip be they do not have to worris about the information make trip . for these reason , travel with a group of people be more advantageous to make their trip more fun because of the time and feeling of sager . I belive that people should take into account those thing before they go on the trip alone . 	KOR
it be more important for student to understand idea and concept that it be for them to learn fact . I agree with the statement for the follow reason , the importance of the capability to think logically , solve problem and to create future vision . the stated reason be describe in more detail in the follow paragraph . first a student need to learn how to think logically in order to understand a problem that need to be solve . especially for study assignment as well as work assignment it be important to determine what be the unknown factor , that need to be find . if the student be not able to do that , the result might not be the factor that be initially ask for . second , if a student just learn fact instead of strategy to solve a proble the student will not be able to apply the already learn knowledge to a similar problem . for instance the student know how to calculate the revenue base on price per product time unit sell but as soon as the unit sell be unknown and the give number be the price for each product and the total revenue , the student will not be able to solve for the unit sell . in order to solve the outline problem it be important that the student learn the strategy to solve a equation for different unknown . third , only if a student understand the concept and idea of for instance a certain product like a car only then will the student be able to create further development of the already existing feature . if the student only focus on learn fact the student will always limit his knowledge and learing to already existing idea . thus , the student will not be able to come up with future vision which be vital in somone ' s accademical and professional carreer . in conclusion , the ability of a student to think logically , solve problem and to create future vision or development of exist knowledge or fact be more important to me than learn the fact . it will enable the student to be sucessful in his or her study as well as professional career . 	GER
` ` Education be what remain with you after you finish schooling ' ' the statement explain that it be the knowledge you learn that remain with you than the fact . while at school student learn a number of fact and idea . the huge academic syllabus be a combination of both fact and idea . however the point that need to be focus on here be , ` ` How much do student remember afterall ? ' ' they remember only what they learn and not what they mug up . therefore we can sum up as it be important to grasp concept while at school than merely register fact and forget them later on . the endless chapter on history often fail to teach us what we be suppose to ` learn ' . for example , Alexander the great be a great conquerer . he conqured emdlessly . however be murder and leave be what reach him to the almighty . here we need to appreciate his dynamism and heroism , not fail to see the other side of the coin that be , he be over confident and be consumated by his own avarice to conquer . we need to formulate our education system where student can develop there mental capacity . a develop individual would be self confident , reliable and a good human be . in this context , the ealier system of education in India be worth have a look at . the then school , call ` ` gurukuls ' ' , mean house of the teacher , be consider sacred and holy . student would focus more on learn and understand . Ofcourse they be teach fact , but they know how to use them and gain knowledge as well , which be the ultimate aim of education . a confident student , with understanding of basic concept would be more successful than one who have simply mug up fact which he will ultimately forget . 	HIN
well I would agree on that statement in some occasion or education level in life , for example at school , but would usually disagree with it when it come to study in a University . a student have general knowledge would have many basic information in many subject , which seem to me as an advantage , but not all the information as a student specialize in a certain major or subject . have broad knowledge in an academic be realy benificial i life and may help , but I would preffer to have a specialize major because it will , or I think it would , offer more job for me to choose than that of a person with general knowledge and I would or can specialize in that subject more imply I could gain the master and then the doctorate degree more easilly . some people other than me would judge me as inccorect and would assign that have general knowledge might improve my life more than that of a specialized one , but nowadays people tend to get specialized or would rather have a major than have onformation on various subhjects that might have a negative impulse towards how that individual be beeing teach . look at people in many country have many major might make a variaty and help people do what or learn what they want instead of have to learn information he/she do not want to or have difficulty in and do not want to complete with 	ARA
it be a very common idea among young people that they be more enjoy life than old people , especially their parent ! but be you happy only when you have fun ? I do no think so . I belive that at each stage of your existence you ` ` enjoy life ' ' in a different way . first , when you be young , you have no childs . one can consider that , as he have no constraint such as feed his offspring , he be more enjoy life . but I think that I will be deeply happy when my child will grow up and become an autonomous human be . at that that time , despite all the constraint , I think that I will ` ` enjoy life ' ' . in addition when you be young , even if your entertain yourself play tennis for example , you can not do everything you want . you have to respect your parent rule . be an adult allow you to choose your activity and experience new leisure . for example my mother use to prevent me from swiming because she be afraid of water . I discover this sport quite late but now I really enjoy it . moreover , when you be old , you start appreciate new activity . when I be young I find highly bizzare the idea of watch painting for hour . but now I be fond of art exhibition ! in the meantime I learn to enjoy life in a different manner . be old also enable to have a professional life . you can manage to reach great achievement and be financially reward for it . when I receive my first income , I be really happy ! the idea of make money just use my brain still thrill me . it be a way of enjoy life that I never think about when I be in my early age . in a nutshell I think that being happy and enjoy life be not a matter of age . it be more an ability to enjoy the good moment and learn from the bad . I hope being hppy with such a philosophy of life ! 	FRE
I believe strongly that the question seem to be controversial in one way and very relative because i can see that , it depend on person ' view and thereby the condition also under wich the travel be make . in one hand , a tour guide be not bad , if i will try to picture the why of a tour guide or its purpose actually , i can really go further to illustrate that . as i guess we all know nobody want to be unsecure or not well protect , or not well guide . why be i lead to talk about people ? , for the simple reason that , travel be make mentionned and basically be have to do a lot with people . for instance , if i have to talk more about the security aspect of the thing . when we see today , in the most technologicaly advanced century or age , the way people want to be secure ; tbe it political leader be guide or secure even country . it really show the long or the desire at the maximun of anyone want to be be secure . so from this point of view , i can really see that travel in a group lead by a tour guide be one of the good way of travel in connection with some of the reason that i have announce previously . but i can also say that be not always necessary the only good way to travel . as i say formely , it can be relative i mean by also depend on people point of view of what be the good way of travel . because for some people , during their travel , they use mean of transportation wich do not have a tour guide and all the same they qualify their travel always as be the good . so from this angle we really see the restriction of what be call well way of travel wich be connect to be lead by a tour guide . 	FRE
I agree totaly with this statement , actualy the most rich people in the world and the big manager be person who have take risk in their life to become what they be today . often people be afraid to do thing that go out of ordinary because that may be do not work and they can find their self with no job any more , no money , they con become a person who be out of the socity and reject . sometimes i think it be good to listen to our heart and to belives in our self and in our capacity and in our imagination and ability to create because we can be able to succeed even if there be risk to take , who ' S know we may be able to do so much extraordinary thing if only we be more bravious ! in a other side i think that a person who be always do the same thing at work all his life be not happy , it be such borring to repeat the same thing more and more , why ca n't we just blow all thease ennoying work away and realise our dream ? we most not forgive that we have just one life in this earth so we mo I take the exemple of bill gate who be very famous . bill gate when he be at the bigining of his cereer take the risk to put a new conception of way to use computer on the market of PC , a totaly new project . other think he be a fool but he succeded and today every body use his logiciel , every one know Microsoft ' S logiciels , he be every where ! 	FRE
although a lot of people believe that young people enjoy life more than old peolpe , i strongly disagree this belief . enjoy the life doesn ' t depend on people ' S age because it depend on people ' S vision , expectation from life , and spirit . even though some people become young and , they aren ' t happy with life in that their vision be not enough to be happy . they think that some small obsctacles prevent them to be happy . for instance , I know a lot of old people they try to enjoy the life though they have some disablities . they be attend many activity to learn new thing and have a good time . these be normal for them because this be their vision . people expectation from the life change when they be different age . old people believe that the most important thing be in the life be to be happy and they try to be happy during their old age on the ground that they know good than young people that life be really short and they be do their good during this time unlike young people . lastly , people ' S spirit be the other essential factor in people life . To be young person be not important . this only provide people some advantage . for example , to spend more energy and do many thing in a short time but old people organize their life to do more thing ( like trip , sport , etc . . ) to enjoy the life . consequently , to be happy be not really relate with people age . there be other significant factor affect 	TUR
since car be invent the number of them circulate have be grow and grow along with the improvment of technology . for this reason , I do not see why in twenty year there could be few car than there be today . however , one could say that car might be replace by other very high tech mean of transportation , but I think twenty year would not be enough to do so . in my opinion , which be also a wish , in twenty year there will be more car or as much as today , but maybe they will not pollute the enivronment as they do today . in fact , a lot have be already do to reduce pollution and I be sure there be still much that can be do . for example , Italian city and other European city be make Europeans buy Euro4 and Euro5 car , which pollute way less than standard car . this reduction have be possible thank to improvement of car technology . every month around the world there be show room that present new kind of car , less and less pollute , more and more sofisticated in shape , motor and accessory . some of these new kind of car be very expensive , depend also on the brand , while some be cheap . industry be do a lot for make people buy these car , from rich people to less fortunate people . not only industry and the most famous brand company be act in favour of less pollution . in fact , government be do a lot as well . for instance , they organize many information campaign ; they define calendar of day during which people must not use car in the city where pollution be over the maximum level permit and they finance electric pubblic transportation . I think these be good reason to retain that car will not decrease in number for the next twenty year ; on the contrary it be common to expect them to be numerous but less pollute than they be today . 	ITA
I disagree with the follwing statement . in fact , i hope to become a person that i ' ll be specialize in one specific subject . now , i ' m study mechanic engineering at the university and when i ' ll be finish , i ' m go to work in an industrial factory . so this be one reason on about i do n't agree with that opinion . in fact i have to learn always and always knowledgement about mechanic problem because this be a condition that it ' ll let me to enter facily in the world of job . so i still have to study more to reach that goal . in spite of this consideration , to have broad knowledge of many subject be a condition that can also give important result for the future . To know other argument such as economy , literature or foreign language be another opportunity and , with this culture you can have interesting result to improve your career . but i think that it ' S well to know only a sector of own job . maybe , one explanation can be give . until i be a young boy and i be ten year old , i just have a clean idea about what i'be have want to do when i ' d have become an adult . so i always want to be an engineer . my father be an engineer and also my grandfather be an engineer and maybe this can be one factor of my choiche and of my opinion about this statement . so , i go to the Tecnichal School and i receveided a diplome as mechanich . now i be a student of Politecnico University and hope to have the degree as soon possible . 	ITA
do what you already can its surely a save way . it allow you to concentrate on one topic and be as good as you can in it . you professionalice and may become an expert if you be do what you really want to do and if you be totaly satisfy with it . but in my opinion , it be sometimes good to take risk and try something new . even if you be happy with your work or live situation you can become even good and happy by gain new experience . move to a foreign country , study abroad or learn a nother language . it open up your horizon and let you experience new situation and possibilitys , you would probably not be able to experience . live in a different country for example , let you not just learn about something new , it show you also a lot about your own country or heritage . it help to well understand cultural missunderstandings and about yourselfe , by experience several different situation or activitys make you more diverse and spread your possibility . you can use the experience at your work , hobby or private life . you become a whole person and contribute that to society . you be able to talk about a fariety of topic and form your life more interressting and make it more we never stop learn and should try to learn as much as we can do about the world . 	GER
many people have the opportinity to change the wold . meanwhile other keep in the same way in theirs live . I agree with the statement that say ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know to do well . ' ' Innovation be the key for succes . accord to the news time , everything be change quickly . for example , the technology . we can find from simple calculator to mod satellite in the space . the new technology be give us the opportunity to learn fast and good . if you do not have new thing the life will be dull . Thomas Alba Edison the great inventor for example invent more the fifty device and give the ligth . he change the world forever . innovation give us good quality of life . for example computer , you can use the medium for many purpose , you can shopping , banking , learn and take TOEFLtest in the Internet . it be becuause admirable people have innnovation and creativity . not only in the technology area but also in the medicine field we have improve our life . innovation permit that disease that kill many people in the past be cure with the new technology and knowledge . in conclusion , i believe that innovation and risk improve the chance to have a bettre life . the time be now 	SPA
while life can be enjoy by people in all phase of life , I personally believe that young people enjoy life more . main factor in favor of young people be their high energy level . young people be full of life and like to experiment different option . such experimentation build their life experience . exercise different option provide multiple opportunity to enjoy life . young people have high physical strength to endure outdoor activity . for example , while a senior citizen may require a detailed planning and preparation before they could take an adventure camping , young people could combine their youth with sense of adventure to take up such a trip with little or no planning . young people also have time on their side to take risk . unlike , old people who be risk averse , young people can take high risk . young people realize that in case of any negative consequence , they will have time to repair the damage . this risk friendliness allow young people to stretch their limit and enjoy life to the full . while it be true that young people do not have enough time in their schedule as compare to old people . however to enjoy life , time be not the sole requirement . young people have multiple outlet to enjoy life - at work , home or socialize . hence a person need not wait till retirement to enjoy life . most of life ' S enjoyment will require commitment of financial resource also . it be likely that smart old people would have achieve financial success to enjoy life , however it be more probable that young people will have more expendable income to enjoy life . in conclusion , while life can and should be enjoy in every phase of life , young one should capitalize on this opportunity . young people have all support factor in their favor to enjoy life to the full . 	HIN
we all know that car can represent one status , and that be nothing about how the price it be or how convenient the public transportation be . thus , I disagree with this topic by follow three reason . I do not agree with this topic because , first , car will less polluted to the enviroments in twenty year . Teconology be go more and more advance now . in the future , we will not use gas or petroleum to drive the car . we will use electicity to replace the gas or petroleum . thus , the air will go fresh , and the greenhouse effect will decline as well . this will make enviromental group to support people to drive . I do not agree with this topic because , second , when you drive a car , you can feel calm , save , and warm . you can drive to anywhere with your family , just wherever they want to arrive . you can have your own space that public transportation could not give you . you can also not be bother from other people when on the way to your destination . this reason be really important to the person who have family or child . I do not agree with this topic because , third , you can show the status you be . for instance , you can drive Benz to buy the fruit or vegetable , and that will make everyone know that you be rich . also , when you meet your old friend , which mean you be invite from old friend , you can let them know that you be not the one before ! I know this sound like arrogant , but it be practical right ? To sum up , many people might advocate another opinion . however , accord to the three main reason I say , I totally disagree with the topic that in twenty year the car will less . 	CHI
have n't you ever wonder why the laundry we see on TV be always perfectly clean after wash but we still find some stain when we wash at home ? this essay will discuss the issue that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . firstly , the product be always in a perfetct light when we see it in an advertisement . obviously , the produce firm do not want to show the product under bad circumstance . they want to sell the product in order to gain some profit . therefore it seem reasonable to me to show it in a rather perfect light . for instance , if someone drive a car in an advertisement he drive the car through a picturesque landscape . but we often face noisy traffic jam in dirty city . obviously the actor in the add seem to have more fun drive the car . furthermore , the add be often support by music to stimulate the consumer desire to obtain the product . the sound of beautiful music also support that the product look good than it look the noisy real life . moreover , the actor in the advertisement be always happy and they really know how to use the product . sometimes we experiance some difficulty by use a product simply because we do not know how to use it proberly . imagine a new cellphone . there be so many function , we sipmly do not know how to handle it with all its possible feature . To conclude , I agree that the product seem well that they really be because in our daily life we be not use them under the perfect circumstance . but as far as I be concern , this be no problem as long the basic statement of an advertisement be true and if we be aware of the fact that our daily life differ from the one we see on TV . 	GER
advertisement , many factory and companey make advertisement to let the people know about their new product and sometimes they say true thing about it ' S product and sometimes wrong , so how we can know the ture ? first of all , we can know if this product be good or now by ask people who try it . for examply , if you cousin see on the TV an advertisement about a machine that be useful , let we say that it be a sport machine , as we know in the TV they will say a lot of thing about it that will let the people like it and buy it without wonder how much do it cost , so your cousin buy it . then you hear about this machine and you be wonder if it be good , because if it be good you will buy it , so you make up your mind to ask your cousin about it , but unfortunatly he/she tell you that it be not good , and it break from the first day . so when you hear this , surly you will decide not to buy it , so it ' s a way to know if the product that you hear about it in and advertisement be worth to buy it or no . second , if you really like a product that you see in an advertisement , why do n't you buy it ? . . you wo n't lose anything , try it , perhaps it will be good than you think , everth be possible , but be sure of what you be do , and try not to lose so much money in thing that you do n't need , just but the thing that you really need . to sum up , advertisement will be useful in many time , because it will let you know new product that you have be search for it for a long time then you will find it in an easy way . so you should be up to date with new advestisement because sometimes it ' s good . 	ARA
car have become a part of life in the modern life . car be very much essential today to do the thing in the right time . I disagree with the give statement that ` ` in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today ' ' . in the olden day man use to travel from place to another by walk . the invention of the wheel chaged the evolution greatly . after the invention of wheel man introduce many new vechicles for transportation . he initially use bullock cart , tonga which be pull by animal . in the late life he introduce bicycle , which serve him in travel later he introduce motor cycle inorder to reach quickly with less effort , inthis process man think for luxirious way of travel and he start to introduce vechicles run by fuel . he design some of them for transportation of good , and some for human , such as truck , bus respectively . and he later think about the luxory and privacy , then bring the car . car be luxirious mean of transportation in the earlier . but it be a compulsory now . this change have occure because of globalisation and neccesities . in the intial stage there very less number of car , people use to see it very intrestingly . but now day in the develop country many be have more than one car . the main problem with the car be they create alot of traffic problem and also pollution . for this reason many government be try to decrease car by demand for more tax , parkingamounts . but pepole be ready to pay that because they very much edicted to it . the question be that there will be less car with in @card@ year than now but ithink it will not happen . the people possess car will not throw them out . there will be many technology come which will reduce pollution already some be use car run by solar power . the other reason be that popullation be increase day - day . and iconclude from the above reason that after twenty year the number of will not be decrease instead the go on increase . 	TEL
I can not really agree with the opinion state above . I think that understanding concept , as well as learn fact , be equally important . on the one hand , it be very important to understand an underlie idea . it be the base to apply it to new context and to connect it with other concept . it be an essential ability to suceed in exam and it even enable the further development of new hypothesis or even whole theory . in my opinion , real understanding prove if someone be an intelligent , independent thinking person . and these be necessary attribute for a successful researcher and a satisfying academic career . for example , the principle of many basic learning theory , investigate by Skinner , where cite by numerous other researcher . the researcher conduct many interesting experiment , result in highly useful application . in the other hand , you can not deny the importance of knowledge of fact . surely , the solely learn of fact be exaggerate for a long time . whole generation of student only have to repeat information without have to prove their understanding . I totally agree , that this do not make any sense . I also permit that it be hard work to learn them and it seem senseless from time to time . nevertheless , fact be important . it be not sufficient if researcher have understand a main principle . they have to know all include variable of a theorie , how the experiment be conduct , why , in which content . they should be aware in which time period a theorie be invent and a fact be discover and by whom . this be all fruitful background information . the first thing to learn be fact . then understand of the underlie idea be the next important step . and finally the further connection and application follow . the last step could not be achieve if one of the early step would be miss . therefore I draw the conclusion that you can not say which of the two learn strategy be more important for a student . 	GER
I totally agree that in the next twenty year or so there will be much few car in use than there be today . although it may not be evident in the present scenario with car sale gong up each year but many factor like pollution , space crunch and increase of public awareness will see the more and more people rely on public transportation as their sole mean for travel . with the price of gasoline skyrocket beyond general public ' s purchasing capability , people be slowly realize that their car be become more of a liability to them . it be highly unlikely that the fuel price will ever decrease give the limited resource of fossil fuel . car base on unconventional source of energy like fuel cell , solar power etc be yet to establish their financial viabilty . All these factor suggest that people will look upto public transportation as a permanent solution to their woe . besides be light on purse the statistic suggest that it be much more safe mode of transportation than car . also explode population in metropolitan city be lead to major space crunch on road and parking lot . people be feed up of waste hour in traffic jam and parking queue . they be realize that if most of them use public transportation , it would benefit all in term of drive space and time . Non pollute vehicle like cycle be once again gain popularity among mass for various resons , health be a prominient one . Infact many people in China go to their office daily on bicycle . therefore , it seem that the idea of the ` ` Ford ' ' , the famous car manufacturer , to ensure car for all may not come true . with government strongly promote the benefit of public transportation and increase awareness among public reagarding the disadvantage of own and drive a car we will see a sad but necessary demise of the era of car . 	HIN
in today ' S world , it be highly debate that if a person have a broad knowledge of many academic subject or specialize in one subject . that be , ` ` specialization and all in one ' ' concept be argue to determine which be good . in this essay , I will try to explain my opininos about the issue which I write above . before from write detail of my opinion , I would like to say that I believe the power of specialization and disagree with the statement which be give in the question . the need and requirement of academical environment be change . and I think the trend be go through to specialization . specialization mean know every side and aspect of any subject cover all of the detail . there be a word in my country Turkey which underline the importance of specialization : ` ` instead of know something elses about every subject , know everything of a one subject be good ' ' . as soon as I have read the statement in the question , I remember this sentence . and I believe the message of this sentence . specialization in one subject bring a lot of advantage to person who be relate to it . I would like to explain one of the advantage by give example from university life . in Turkey ' S university there be Business Administration Faculties and under these faculty there be an ` ` International Trade Department ' ' which I would like to be specialize in . and when I get the University Entrance Exam , there be two choice in front of me . one be study business administration second one be study international trade . in Turkey , the international trader be % @card@ graduate from business and they be not international trade specialist . so , when I have realize this situation , I decide to study international trade , and try to get specialize in international trade . and nowadays I see the advantage of this , majority of the Foreign Trade Departments of Companies be look for International Trade Specialist . the another point that I be consider as an advantage of specialization be ; if someone ask you what be your job ? or what be your main interested point ? you w ' ll be able to give accurate response . that be , the people and yourself will easily be able to know what be you do and what you be specialize for . for example if the doctor be not specialize in any type of specializition , they will not have any specialized topic , and again a Turkish sentence ` ` they will say I can do any thing ( job ) that you want me to do ' ' . in conclusion ; specialization be the t 	TUR
be committet to your community can have various form . it start from help your family in its daily chore , take care of the neighbour ' house while they be away or spend some time in charity organisation . at the core of all the above be the recognition that we be not just individual , but part of a community . there be also the sense of gratitude for one ' S gift in life , such as youth , health or any skill , and the sense of enrichment that come from share those gift and make them useful to other . overall I agree with the idea that young people do not seem focus enough on the need of their community , and I actually think that they be fairly detach from the concept of community altogehter . I think this be a very complex phenomenon and link to a great number of reason . first of all , it seem that our society and culture put a high value on time , especially spare time . partly because modern life be very demand , partly because the offer of entertainment and outdoor stimulation be so vary , we praise our time as a supreme luxury and feel very frustrated when we can not use it in complete frredom . secondly , I think Western society have develop more and more in a hedonistic direction . in other word , we feel it be our own right to enjoy ourselves , feel free in our choice and simply follow instant gratification . I think this be particularly apparent in young people , as they claim they right to play and have fun , and resent any request of help or support as a form of injustice . in a dominant culture of self-absorption and pleasure , take the time to communicate with people that be different , for background and frame of mind , seem unjustified and this lead to another worrying trend . it seem to me that there be a general detachment between young people and old generation or people in need . these be generally the people that need more time and support within the community , and it would be the duty of the young generation to look after them . in conclusion , I think that value that have become more and more present in our society be now central in young people ' S vision of life . as a consequence , there seem to be a more selfish conception of one ' s use of time and gift , that unfortunately lead to the neglect of part of teh community that might be in need . 	ITA
in my opinon , most advertisement be deceive people by make product seem well . there be two specific case of example of trick to present product much well : change the look of the product by change its color of its cover and change its name to make it look like high quality . first of all , advertisement change the color of the product cover to attract the customer . generally fade color will make the customer think that product be make with an old technology , whereas bright color deceive the consumer that it be make by high technology . for example , bright pencil be generally preferred to faded-colored-pencils in Turkey . that ' S why many advertiser force manufacturer to produce bright look pencil to increase selling . secondly , advertiser force the manufacturer to change product name of a specific product to increase the amount of product sell . in Turkey , that be usually do by give a foreign name to that product instead of a Turkish name to trick the consumer . in this way , consumer may think that the product be a high quality product because some of the good manufacture by Turkish industry lack quality . there be a real case for this in Turkey . A-spagetti-producing-company change its product name a couple of year ago and give an Italian name to its product to deceive the consumer that it be an Italian product . hence , they have increase sell their product . this be the way to present their product much well although it be same quality as before . To sum up , most advertiser make product seem much well accord to some technique list above . unfortunately , this technique be become so widespread that consumer will unlikely encounter a product reveal its real quality . 	TUR
I do agree with the statement ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' , for the reason that be adventurous can expand one ' S vision , and help one catch new opportunity firstly , try new thing and take risk can expand one ' S vision . the course from good to great of the world-famous company Well Fargo be one of the good example to support this idea . well Fargo be a indeed American company for the reason that it pay only 1 percent of the entire attention of the company , to its international department . One day , the top leader of Well Fargo take a big risk : he place the company ' s chief CEO , who have be in charge of over @card@ percent of the entire business of the company , in the international department . Everyone be confuse with the decision of the leader of try new thing . however , Well Fargo succeed . after several year of the replacement of their chief CEO , Well Fargo become not only a big American company , but a huge international business as well . the expansion of vision enable Well Fargo to reach out and become a great company , and make its leader a successful manager as well . secondly , try new thing and take risk can help one catch new opportunity . live in a fast-pacing world like this , we face new challenge every single day . if we only stick to the daily routine without get to know this world well by try new thing and take risk , we will surely be leave behind by those who be more adventurous . with closed eye , we may never reach the destine opportunity even when they be just knock on our door . ready and willing to try new thing and take risk , one will finally become successful from mediocrocy . start from today , our new life with open mind will bring us something amaze sooner or later . 	CHI
Korean parent , who have traditionally show huge intersts on childern ' S education , seem to be compete to send their chidren to most munber of private academy . I should admit that childern should accumulate a lot of knowlege to understand the world , or the lead a successful life in the futer . however , I believe that more emphasis should be put on understand the idea and concept . first of all , compulsion of acquire lot of knowledge will make the student lose the interest on the subject they ' re study . when a student be force to go to several privite academy by his mom ' s wish like one of my student , she wo n't have chance to consider what I want to know the most . as a matter of a fact , the student spents lot of time study English , math and science but all she wish about the academy be to quit them . moreover , just gain more knowlede beyond the student ' S understanding be not efficient at all . for example , another student of the academy where I teach , should take 3 course every day . of course , it be not by his will but by his mom ' s wish . in spite of the amount of time he spend at the academy , he fail to show decent understanding for any of the class . because he take too much , he be have a hard time understand the lesson . undoubtedly , have a lot of knowledge be very useful and important . however , I believe the study process should follow the step neede to be efficient . student should have chance to learn about what it be like . for that they should understand the field . 	KOR
I do not completely agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people do , simply because it depend on what the definiton of ` ` fun ' ' mean to these people . fun for young people , specially for an adolescent could mean a lot of thing like hang out with his friend , throw birthday party or even study for an intellectual young individual that be . my point be fun could mean a lot of thing to a lot of different people . for the old people fun could mean just watch television or go for a long walk . for example , my grandfather who be about @card@ year old have a lot of fun have food of his kind . yes , this be true when a person have reach a particular age he start please himself or have fun with venial thing like these . this do not mean that he be n't enjoy his life . he have his own way to enjoy it . young people might enjoy life as they be presently but this do not mean old people have not do what the young people have . moreover , the old people have do everything the young people have . What this means be , enjoy life and fun go hand in hand and also change as need of the people change when they grow old . it all depend upon what the individual please himself with , to have fun at that particular age like in my grandfather ' s case in be the kind of food he like to eat . in my cae its enjoy life sit on my roof top with a guitar . hence , comment on the statement I would like to assert that fun could mean different for different people . therefore , old people have as much fun as young people do , the only difference be the means of have fun or satisfy themselves . 	HIN
I completely disagree , mainly for three reason . First be that althought youth typically imply health and will to do thing in life . the truth as I see it be that the act of enjoy life be something that be define as well as happen in our mind within ourselves and be not something completely dependent on how many year do one have . as an example of this there be the lot of young people that live in deep depression , sometimes clynical sometimes not , that clearly do not enjoy life . it be clear that the example give in the paragraph above can be revert . but that bring me precisely to my second point . for me be not accurate nor completely correct to make generalization about a so subjective thing as people enjoy life more than other people . How do we compare the enjoy of one group versus the enjoy of other ? and what be the meaning of enjoy life ? all of this make me more suspicious about the give statement . now , my third objection be foreshadow in the last paragraph . What do we mean by the phrase ` ` enjoy life ' ' ? it be obvious that althought there may be a certain consensus between some people about the meaning of that phrase , enjoy life do not mean the same for everyone . Less problable it be that it will mean the same thing for old and young people . so it may be possible that old and young people enjoy the life the same but within their own definition of what be enjoy life . 	SPA
I think education be a combination between the understanding of concept and the learning of fact . concept be important in the way they be the essence of the knowledge that the teacher need to transmit to the student . they be the structure , to build that strong construction that support all the academic task . without concept we will live in a world that do n't worry and take the time to penetrate the deep part of the understandiyng and mental capacity . sometimes education can turn to square and bore the learner , because everything be about idea and how to get them . To pill the onion or to get to the center of the point , we need detail , little fact that decorate our life and the way we learn to see and understand the universe . good educator be the one that can awake their studendts throught a simple fact as a date o a number ( that can be eassily fogotten ) use it as door to walk and search into an unknown universe full of posibilities that let her/him to understand the idea that once we introduce we never forget . it be like a game . when we play to find the treasure we can not forget our objective , but we have to be carefull of the fact and the extra information that we can collect during the search . the middle way be the good way to educate and help student to understand different discipline from mathematics to art , because be the perfect combination between body and what be inside it . when we fallow thios way we find the gold , the wisdom . 	SPA
evolution have prooven that , specialized organism as well as organism that have refraind form specialize have endure . specialist be able to ensure their survival by fitting into a single vacant ecological gap in which they flourish . Unspecialized organism have to rely on their flexibility ; and that be exactly their advantage . because , they be not specialize and be dependent of their flexibility , they be more capable of adapt to a new situation . Oraganism that do n't adapt die and eventually their entire specie will become extinct . one can easily project that image on human field of knowledge . be able to build life decision on a great base of knowledge be more profitable then be specialize in only one field be it an academic subject or set of idea and value . be able to adapt be of great necessity . it be part of everyone ' s everyday life , you adapt to the people you talk to , you adapt to the people you work with , and you even adapt to your own family . if you have be specialize in one field it would probably be the one of greatest interrest to you , this do not mean though that all the people around you shre your enthusiasm about the same subject , which mean that one have to be able to talk about other mayor topic in life . grant , be a professional specialize in something vital do serve one well in the modern world in sense of economical seccurity , but what good do it do when you posess omnipotet knowledge of one field but be incapable of see the conections to another ? when the company , in which someone be the specialist for that and only that specific company ' s computer network , go bankrupt , he be jobless . I belive that broaden one ' s own horrizon , be it intellectually or emotionally , more likely grant a secure and fullfilled duture 	GER
Can it be that people turn to use horess and camals again for transportation ? I dont think soo , people over time be be well and well in discoviries , and the day will come when they start use airship and viecles that will be able to fly . I agree that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today because of the divlopment in discoviry , and the spread of air transportation . in every new generation there be new mind and new people that think about life in a different way . with all the discoviries that have be do and the new mind whicj be comin to the world they will surely discover a new way of transportation that will make car dissappear . nowadays air craft and air transportaion be the largist kind of transportation in the world , and with all this spread in this kind of transportation and the knoledge in it be make car a way of transportation that will not last . therefor , i think that car woud'nt last and there will be some other way to move from some place to another in less time and less affort . 	ARA
I agree with that ` ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ' ' . the great oppourtinity to go to some different place come . it ' S well to go by group and with a tour guide . because , we do n't know the history of the place and we do n't know the manoments of the place . if we have an tour guide , then he know all about the history of the place . while we be have a tour guide , we have no worry about to plan a schedule for be to vist . because , the tour guide know all the place in perticular location or all . he may plane the schedule by our requirment . generally , he know all place and moreover he be have myraid collection for the historic event which we have to know . which be the good place to see first and which be the place to see last . the tour guide guide where we have to stay , approximate budget for the planning of the tour . and he may know the shortcut to vist more place and bording and lodge facautilies . he explain about the place with there people culture , behavoiurs and historic event of that place . we may save the money while we be have a tour guide by his right direction about the shopping , lodging , board etc . because , he be have lack of experiance in travel and in demonistration different place . if we be able to go without guide . then some of the problem will occur as , we do n't know the specific location correctly . we do n't know where we have vist moreover we do n't know the historic event of the place . we may have a chance to divert the root map . so , it ' S well to go with the tour guide who be very helpfull in all different angle . 	TEL
in order for any person to succseed , it must under go many phase , experience , event , and even go though risk . To succseed in your life you must try new way or method in deal with other people or situation , this will increas the knowledge , experience and excitment in your life . by do this you might change your life from a fail depressed life to a successful life . if a person will not take any risk or try anything risky in his life , he will lead a dull boring life . for example , if you have a fear of hights , you might take a big decision in your life and go try bungi jump . you might wonder how will this affect my life to the well . this experience willl enforce your self confidence and self esteam . it will change you to a person who be strong and not afraid of face his/her fear . another example be that if you work at home and you do your work manually , but at the same time you be good at it and know how to do it will . this might be good in some way , but on the other way be boring and might make you depressed . if , for example , you decide to introduce a computer to your work , but you fear anything that be new and have to deal with techonlogy ; this might stress you out . you should take the risk and attend a coures that teach you computer . by face this fear in your life you and your business will turn out successfully . it will also help you floresh your work and save time , and at the same time face your fear and build your confidenc . in order to be a succesful perosn you get to try new thing and take risk in life rather than do what you already know what to do . this will increase your selfesteam and spice up your life . 	ARA
the number of car be a problem nowadays . it ' s a problem because reserve of petrole be go to be small and small and because of thism the price of petrole be grow and grow . nowadays , the environmental question be very popular in European country and car be consider as a very bad element for the environment ' S health . so , in my opinion , in twenty year , the number of car in Europe , Japan and United States will be low . but , in my opinion , car will be few in twenty year than today in developping country ( in poor country ) like African country or south American country because for them , car still a very important element fort the economy growth . people of those country use a lot their car in order to go to their job whereas , in country which be already developped and rich , people use to take the subway , bus and the tramway . but , because the poor polution represent a big part of the worldwide population , if all those people be go to have a car , the wodldwide nu ; ner of car will dra ; atically grow . there be also the problem of the lobbying . the car lobbying be very i ; portant in the Unites States of America so , they will not allow the American government to make a law about the number of car per family . so if some people would like to make the nu ; ber of car small , they will be in conflict with politician and the lobbying . in ; y opinion , in twenty year , there will be a terrible struggle between the environmental proctectors and car constructor ( General Motors , Ford , VW . . . ) . I ' m very sure that Green Peace will be a more and more important organisation because who do n't want to take care of our environment ? in my opinion , the number of car can be also small in twenty year because circulation ' S problem be terrible in big city such as Paris or NYC . that ' S why nowadays , car be forbid in the center of London . because of this interdiction , I ' m very sure that a big part of londonian sell their car and do n't buy a new one . car become useless in London . I hear also that Paris would like to make the same . be n't that an evidence of the fact that the number of car in Europe be go to be small . as a conclusion , we cam say that in some part of the world , in twenty year , car will be fewers but in an other part , their number be go to be less important . 	FRE
I disagree with the statement ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ' . I would like to putforth example and situation I personally have experience to support my opinion . a person who travel alone I believe will have a lot more independency in make his own decision rather travel along with a tour guide . with a tour guide we see our desicion be influence by the guide and we get to see place the guide want us to see rather than what we want to see . it be in my school trip that my classmate and myself have a pretty bad exerience with the guide appoint to us . the guide would take us to place we do n't want to see and he be a localite get us into a hotel that be quite expensive , because by do so he would get a commission from the hotel authority for get them customer . other than that we have some other bad exeriences only because of the reason that the guide be a localite and be look for grab commission wherever we go . the good advantage in travel alone would be that we could find out about a place by interact with the localites or get a copy of the local travel guide to guide us to the good place of visit . in today ' s advanced world we get to have the information of a place on our fingertip through the Internet . we also have amazing travel guide book that come in various language and help us in get a feel of the local culture . I would like to end the topic on the point that I take this decision base on my personal experience and the other travel experience that where great just because of the fact that we do n't take guide along . 	HIN
very hard to understand many fact , if it be not relate by idea & concept & example . . . i think both attach to each other cose with out the the fact their be no idea . for example in the war , why the war do not stop . it be be since the old centary we have war , and everyone know the bad result of thw war : hungyness , pauverety , too much people go away , fritness , people with psychology problem , kid who lose there parent , family who lose there own home . . . but for my opinion the student understand all the idea and concept , in the history about all the war , during all the history , but if they can learn from the fact this will not happen again . another example more closer . when the teacher explain about a psychologie problem at class if he say the fact like : people still they have psychologie problem , every student will wonder why ? when he explain that many people who have emotional hungreness ( their mother didnt really offer to much let say love to there kid ) and didnt teach her kid the right and wrong . this people love to still not because they need it , but sometimes to satisfate there emotionel . in a busniss class when the proffessour say ` ` the costmers always right ' ' .when he conyinue explain his idae we understand what he mean : the busniss with out customer do n't work . it do n't matter the company what she think , but the customer who consume this product . for example when the constummer be be treat good he will be your door to another custommers , ( friend , neighbour , cousin , family . . . ) . but if he be not satisfate he will tell everyone and it will be a very bad reputation . everywhere not only at class even at home with our kid , family i think it hard to learn fact if their no idea and concept to understand . 	ARA
the good way to travel will depend on the particular character , personality and need of each person . however , when you be travel in a group lead by a tour guide you can miss the most real important thing from the place you be visit . have a tour guide will defnitly take you to the most ` common ' area and you will be able to have a picture of yourself infront of the most known place in the world , nevertheless this you can also have do a photomontage and place yourself where ever you want to . What it really give value to a travel and what it make worth it to visit a new place be the people and the new cultural difference they can show and share with you . the people be what build a specific society and the people be the one that give the specific place its own personality , either show by a building or even also show by their particular dish . there be many example of the new wonder you can find if you really be willing to talk with the local . however there be not enough time to have several example to share , therefore let take one specific country like Germany . this example can be narrow even more take one of the area like the Baden-Wuttemberg . this area be know more to have the very famous castle know for almost everybody , the Cindirella Castle . Disney be take this castle as his most importan logo and practicaly importilized it , and now it be be visit by people all around the world . however once you be there , eventhou the sight be beautiful and the walk to the inside of the castle show a very nice passage , there be almost nothing else to see there and almost no time to enjoy it since there be too many people on a queue infront of you and behind you . in the mean time you be loose the great oportunity of visit other castle , even nice one in a more calm way . the food be another very good argument why it be good to travel by yourself and give yourself the chance to relate with the local people . it be amazing but no matter where you go , you will find a McDonalds . if you be with a tour guide and there be time , maybe he/she will take you to a very expensive restaurant and most probably will not have the typical meal of the area . on the other hand if there be no time and the tourist guide consider that there be not enough time , and let emphazise on the fact that this tourist guide be the one make the decision for you , there will be a high probability of have the famous hamburger mention before . if you take the time , the local will really appreciate it , you may even be lucky enough and have a meal at grandma place . there be nothing more delicious than that . there be many reason to say why it be good to travel by your own , which do not mean to travel alone , than to travel in a group lead by a tour guide , but self experience will determine it at the end and it will give you the true reason to choose between them . if I have to choose , I will defnitly always try to have my own trip with my own itinerary . 	SPA
today , I be go to talk about my opinion on the topic which be most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . I agree with the topic . I have a experience that I buy a bag through the Internet . when I see the bag though the Internet , I be eagering to have that big bag right away . so , I buy that bag with the credit card . when I recieve the bag , I be disappoint to the bag which be not as big as the photo . then I swear not to buy any bag through the Internet anymore . my parent have buy a masage machine through the television . they say that it seem to be very comfortable and would make them feel relax . so , they determine to buy that . but they feel that machine be not as comfortable as they think . they say the person who use it to masage seem really satisfy . How come they do not have the same feeling as that person ? my old brother have buy through the Internet , too . he buy a T-shirt which size be XL and have a really cool design on it . but when he receive that T-shirt , he have difficulty to wear it on . so , I agree with this statement . 	CHI
a common idea be if you do n't take risk , you wo n't succeed . of course in our modern society the high number of people who want to succeed make the success more difficult to get . and as a result you have to take some risk . nevertheless you have to be carefull because of the society you have to take risk but if you miss your objectif even with a fall short , the society wo n't forget it . and you wo n't be a successful person ( for a long time at least ) . at the contrary if you do n't take risk you wo n't be successful . the society be always move forward and if you want to follow and to succeed you can not remain and wait , without change . so if you be change something you be take a risk even if it ' S a very small risk . if you do n't adapt your business , your life or your job could get bad . from my opinion a sucessful person take some risk , it ' s compulsory . there ' S too many people and too many business on earth so if you want to suceed you have to take risk . but the border between success and nothing or even something bad be very thin . so you have to take risk but you have to be very carefull . it mean the more risk you take the more chance you have to succeed but as well higher will be the fall if you do n't succeed . in conclusion i think in our society the only way to succeed be to take some risk but to be very carefull . because i think as well a very good way to loose everything be to take too many risk . it mean if you want to be successful you have to stay in the border between not enough risk and too many . and i think the most successfull people keep this border very thin . 	FRE
although some people , perhaps market major , may argue that a product consist both of its physical form and of the good advertisement that present it , even if they be not so correct , I do not agree at all with this view . in my opinion , a product must be judge as good and , of course buy , accord to its quality and advertisement should be base on the quality of the product and should not make the product seem good than it really be . the main concern of this marketing habit be that low quality product be actually invade the market and the consumer can not distinguish between a good item and an item which be only well present . furthermore , in spite of its low quality , a product of the latter kind be often much more expensive . as an example we can take Timberland shoe . in my country I see a lot of people buy them only because they have be influence by the advertisement . moreover , the shoe with that brand cost nearly three time the price of a high quality pair of shoe you can usually find in a shop , the difference between the two be the mislead advertisement . however , I do not mean that Timberland shoe be a low quality product , but of course , the sole difference between these and the one that be not present in the same way , be the price . I could also have bring more meaningful example but the problem would remain the same , we should care more about quality and the quality-price ratio . 	ITA
it be really interesting to find out that , in nowadays , more and more advertisement become appear on televison , newspaper , Internet and many distinctive kind of medias . and it be true that such advertisement have significantly increase the popularity of certain kind of commodity and meanwhile encourage much more customer . however , we may also have hear of some newspaper report about the complaint of such kind of commodity from customer . usually , the complaint be mainly about that the product be not actually have the effect appear on advertisement . therefore , I agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . firstly , some advertisement might be so exagerrated that creat some new effect which the product do not possess . I have just read from newspaper that one woman buy a television but then she find that there be many function miss compare to what the advertisement . for example , in the advertisement , it say clearly that this kind of television can receive the TV program overseas without add any adjunctions on it . however , the woman find out that her television do not have such function at all . moreover , some advertisement may reach an extent that change the defect of the product to some virtual fascinating advantage . and what be more incredible be that such virtual advantage may become the shiny reason that encourage customer to purchase the product . finally , in order to make more customer to buy the product , advertisement may try to eliminate the defect of such product . that be to say , only the advantage of product will appear on the corresponding advertisement . as we know , there wo n't exist something that be perfect and without any disadvantage or defect . although such advertisement say the truth and the product really possess those advantage , they still send some wrong information to customer and to make their first impression on the product become much good than they really be . therefore , from the discussion above , we can come to a conclusion that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	CHI
I agree the statement that ` ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ' ' because generally people want to visit different place to relax themselves and want to know more about different place . if they wont keep tour guide they take much time to know about the place . at the same time if a person go alone to visit the place , he doesnt get interest to watch the palces and he cant express his idea , thought about the palce what he see . if it be the case , that he travel along the group and with tour guide , make the people tour successful and happy because the tour guide can explain about the place briefly and interestingly provide a well knowledged tour guide . if the person travel along the group he can have a advantage to express his view and get other view about thr place they see . generally tour be include with long time night and day journey . at this time tour guide can where to stop the vehicle for emergency and where should not . at the same time if anything happen to anyone , other can help out in solve the problem they face . by travel in a group along with tour guide they can help out each other and they can make thier most successful . during journey , they face many problem like food , shelter for change clothes etc . if the people go tour along group they can help out in provide shelter , food and other small and big problem . if suddenly vehicle break down and if it take few hour to repair then they can have nice time with thier mate . simply they pass the time happily and unforgettable . anyways thats all depend on the individual but go along with group make the individual to see the thing happily and great scope to have good knowledge on place what they see . if we take an example of industrial tour of engineering student like Tata motor in India etc . there i definately prefer to go along with group because they have to recollect their subject when they see the industry . at the same time your professor act as tour guide . no one can recollect the information at that moment what they study but if you go with a group they can share their own knowlege with other such that they can see the thing more interstingly and gain more knowledge . similarly if a office staff want to improve thier industry , there it be need to visit high industry and should make point what should improve in their industry . this be possible only when he go along with teammate and guide . he can point out very good thing if he discuss the thing with his mate . at the same he need not to spend much time to know the unknown thing as guide be provide for them . thus i can strongly agree that the good way to travel be in group lead by a tour guide . 	TEL
have broad knowledge of many academic subject have some advantage and disadvantage . it be certain that have several opinion about different subject should be good than not have . however , a lot of people be specialize in one specific subject , and they be also good and bad point about it people who have kowledge of many academic subject be should be certainly more advantage than people who have knowledge in only one subject . first , it be good to know about many subject in relationship than to be enclose in only one . we can talk about everything , that make us more interesting to people . nowadays , it be really important to keep good relation in our society . then , someone who know about a lot of thing can serve the other by help them . I know someone who know about quite a lot of thing , and be able to help his friend due to his knowledge . however , someone who only have broad knowledge may be disturb at a point . he may not be able someday to continue a conversation and to be able to expose his idea because he would need to have deep knowledge about the subject . that ' S why someone who have only broad knowledge of many subject can be at some point disadvantage . someone who be specialize in only one specific subject can certainly speak and work on something which be relative to his specialization . nevertheless , he would also be disadvantage if he be face to something that be not his subject . he would then feel unuseful to the conversation or work project . this person may seem also less interesting to the other than the person who have broad knowledge of many academic subject , because of his lack of knowledge of other subject . To conclude , a person who have broad knowledge about many subject may be more interesting , but he could unfortunatly be disadvantage because of his broad knowledge . I think that someone with broad knowledge of many academic subject be well thant someone specialei 	FRE
I agree with the statement which say that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . try new thing help in give new experience . develop one knowledge and personality and create sense of creativity . on the other hand , only do what we alraedy know how to do kill the creativity and create sense of boring . Fisrt , successful people try new thing because that will help them to have new experience with new thing . take risk will help inopen the mind and open new door , the more the one try , the more he become experience and will qualify . second , successful person try new thing and take risk because that will help them to improve their knowledge and develop their personality . try new thing will make the person more knowledgable in many area becuase he have be go through many area and cover many topic . moreover try new thing will help in develop your characterstics because go throug many situation will give you more enperience about how to deal with differant people and differant situation . thirdly , try new thing and take risk will help you in create sense of creativity which be very important to your pschological development . try new thing will keep you awy from boring and add new flavor to you life . To conclude , I strongly agree with the statement which say that successful people try new thing and take risk . that help them in give new experieces , de 	ARA
i strongly agree with the statement say that the young people enjoy life more than old people , yes ; because they have the time , the energy and the ability to do that . young people look for the life from defferant view , they have clear mind and not that much responsablities and concern . the young people look for some thing make them happy and they try to find out what be the ejoyable thing on the life and they will do it , when they have as example a brand new car you find them spend a long time drive this car and go trip with the friend and they will satisfy with the complement about have like this car . on the other hand when you look for the old people you will find them busy with the life concers and family issue if they have a family , also they do n't have a lot of time to spend in fun , mainly you find them concern about defferant issue like politics or build up good future for their kid , but some of old people whom thinking about the vacation be important as much as the work and Mony important , so they always have the time to enjoy their live and ivest some time for entertainment and recreation . as a conclusion i think the young people more able to enjoy their live because they be still young and they be look for the come day with a bright future but as i say befor the old people can enjoy the live as if the young do because they have experiance and they can organize their life obviously well than the young people . 	ARA
To have a strong knowledge of many academic subject be excellent way to success . first , to know a wide number of subject can be useful to understand several situation that need backgrown in different field . for instance , there be many interdiciplinate field , such as Biophysics , Biomedical Engineering , which need to have knowledge in two or more specific subject to understand second , the knowlegde of many subject can provide the advantage of to make analogy . it be possible , for example , to explain the Cardiovascular System with concept of Dynamics of Fluids that be a subject of Physics . with more knowed subject it more clear to understand new concept and make analogy with concept have be know in the past . third , it be important when to pursue a work position to have much knowledge in several academic subject because the salary will be high . people who have degree in different subject can obtain good position and high income than people who just know one subject . finally , the importance of several knowledge can be summarize in to understand different field which need a strong backgrown like the interdiciplinate sciencs , to make analogy with knowed concept and to obtain good work position . 	SPA
in my opinion , for a student , it ' S far more important to understand idea and concept than learn fact . in the procedure of teach there be two conponments to establish : the fact of learn itself and the interpretation the student may give it to . at first , a student have to learn the basis of a subject . the teacher ' S job be to give him as many information as he can . these information have to be general . a teacher be not an amateur ( as he have already learn the subject before ) so he have already his on point of view . the teacher be just here to give general information and in any case he could influence the student ' mind . so learn fact be too tune on theory and not in practice . then , once the student know the basis , the general fact , he have to go further from the given-informations by himself , in order to understand all the specific of the subject . I think that understanding idea and concept be something personal . it be something make by oneself . nobody would never have the same interpretation of idea . it depend on the experience of the student and its possible story or link to a subject . for example , in a theorical course of law , the teacher can teach student the evolution of something in particular like the stance of society with the homosexual marriage . but I think be for more important for the student to understand how this stance have emerge and learn all the discourse of both of the people for or against it . thus , the student can make his own opinion even if it be not the same as the majority of the population . 	FRE
I agree with this statement partially ; because although we have to explore new area where to pursue success , it be almost obligatory to gain a high level of expertise to attain it . I should be admit that there be several good reason for try new thing . first of all , it be difficult to be successful in an already develop field . people in that field have be specialize and put their effort and energy for a longtime . for example , the technics for shoe = make be already very wel establish and people in this sector know very well how to produce high quality shoe for low cost . secondly , the change be unavoidable in virtually all the area of human activity and people not take any risk for explore new thing be deem to be surpass by the ' ' risk = taker ' ' . stick to the same example , a person use leather as the raw material for make shoe and not willing to learn about how to use other potentially useful material , would one day have to retire . maybe the most important reason for try new thing be the potential of generate synergy between what we already know and wwhat we will explore : the world be divide into ' ' thing ' ' artificially by the human and we can always find fruitful relation between one ' ' thing ' ' that we already know and another one that we get to know . on the other hand , history be also full of famous people who catch the success via persevere in a well = define field , from army commander to artist to shoemaker and athlete . the reason be that in any give area , there be many very talented people try to be the number one ; through improve their related skill and also via obtain relevant knowledge both of which require long period of hard work . so the definitoin of success be always push furhter in term of required perfection . although the first man on the earth have naturally to try new thinghs he also have to improve on his skill for not fail = if he have not ; we would not be here . there be always new area potentially very useful for the humanity to explore . but the process of exploration requierd l 	TUR
it be often say that there will be no more traffic-jam in the future . scientist have be develop a fly car and big and faster public transportation vehicle will be develop . Howevere , I formly disagree with the statement that there will be few car in next twenty year . there will be more population than today and there will be many barrier to use those technology actually . To begin with , grow the number of population will make the world more complicated and complex and each person will have own car . compare with the past , it be true that we have a lot more car nowadays than the past . for example , in Seoul , Korea , three of ten have a own car even ten yea ago . How about now ? the percentage of possesion be almost same with the past . however , the number of car be five time more than 1990s ' . in addition , twenty year be not enough time to develop some new technology and actuallly use it . the government have try to make new subway system and monorail system within ten year , but the thing be already twenty year ago . there be no any change and they have still be plan . for example , one of the expert from the government say last week , they be plan to adapt new system for aircraft within five year . the essay for the next day , however , criticize that the government should finish the Airforce-military system change plan which have not be finish for age . also , it say , ` ` no more people in this country believe the government ! ' ' in conclusion , we all hope that a few car be in the world in the future . it should be replace by the great public transportation , such as subway and bus . also , government should make the cost of flight much cheap than now . however , I do not agree with that there will be a few car in use than now in the next twenty year with all these reason . 	KOR
every year , million of traveler , everywhere in the world travel . from a rich business man take his wife on vacation to a kid and his bundle in a hurry to explore the planet . a trip in an unknown location need to be prepare obviously . . . and a tour guide be always ready to take the group to visit the local wonder . but be it the good way to travel ? I personnaly disagree with this statement , I think it deprive us from the spontaneous and adventurous aspect of a trip . when I travel , usually to unknow country with my friend and family , it be of course to have a good time and see odd sight that i may not have the chance to see again . but mostly i like the feeling of freedom that i get : I can go anywhere anytime . but be lead by a travel guide kind of take that aspect away : follow an exact map and program of the visit . . . and many time the guide be n't a personal guide , for that you have to follow other to see thing that you do n't even want to see in the first place . a personal experience : during a guide tour of Paris , few year back , i be stick ( so to speek ) in a Art exhibition that i do not plan to attend . but since i have no car , and no money for a cab . . . i be obligate to stay with the group , be bore out of my mind . more then that , of course stay in a nice hotel with a minibar full of drink be nice , but i also love backpacking : go from place to place without a perfectly planned trip , stay at hostel , without the feeling that i have to follow the map exactly as plan . in that case be lead by a tour guide would be deny the whole definition of adventurous exit backpacking . To conclude , i would like to say that follow a group lead by a tour guide be a great way to explore the city , you get to see all the important sight , but it might not be fit for some people such as me who enjoy adrenaline boost . 	FRE
I strongly believe that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . whether the advertisement one see be through a television or a magazine , this particular individual be bind to receive some sort of effect upon the immediate exposure . this exposure can be explain in two interesting way . one be explain via visual effect and the other be through the means of incorporate one ' s psychological effect . as we all know , in order to advertise a certain product , excessive visual lure be to be expect from the viewer . the maker of these advertisement will try in every conceivable way to present their product at its fine . this be where the visual effect come in . there will be many trial and error and thorough , various step will also be require in order to complete one final advertisement before they be present in the buyer ' eye . when that item be then advertise , the viewer will inevitably be trick and allusioned to see beyond the actual practicality and state of that particular item . the second effect , the psychological one derive from the audience ' s point of view . sometimes the product be advertise in the media just look nice , glamorous and even useful simply because they be unattainable . at time that particular item may be too costly that it be one ' s out of budget . this explain our natural human instinct to need and want what we can not have . therefore , the hope to be able to possess a certain product - perhaps in the near future or never at all - will push your desire to purchse that product even more . hence , when a buyer do not conveniently have the item at hand while see the advertisement , it be only natural to make that particular item seem much good than they really be . To conclude , the reason whether they be external or internal , bring the same result to the viewer of these advertisement . they be not necessarily good or bad but the need to control one ' S perception be important in decide if that reason be valid . the viewer , the buyer must therefore reason and fight for what be real and what be not . sometime it be simply our mind that trick us into buying . this be when you realize you ' ve make the wrong decision . 	KOR
i agree with the statement which be give to me . because tavelling with the group make me to share more thing with different peoplewho wre in the group . travel in a group with guide will make me to know the new placs which ihd never visit before . guide will explain the entire information about the place . travel in group make more advantage becuse if the information about a place be not know to the guide i will try to know the information with my colleague who be in the group . tour guide will probably have a clear idea of which place be mare important than those of other . if we be have a little time to explore new place in the country it be suitable to take an idea from the tour guide . travel in a group make me more enthusiatic to know the new thing . if i have visit the place early i will try to explain the place i have visit . if iwill travell in a group it will keep me away from the lazyness . i will try to know the different culture that exist in a country and the idea of different people how they be think . whether they be think in a positive manner or in a negative manner . travel in agroup make me more attention and concentration that i have . people with inthe group make me more enjoyable while travel . it will release my tension and problem . the travel with the group maske me easy to travell because it will not let me know how much time i travel . i can travellmore long distance with the group . 	TEL
creativity and innovaton be ongoing concern of the bussiness entity . Recent activity such as new program which aim to people use their creativity in the project . try alternative and gain new persepective will be efficient in reduce the risk of fail by progress potential to produce solution for problem . steady knowledge be important to maintain the status quo so that person do not tka risk in order to change the situation . initially , people who be supervise an project have to see situation from many aspect . How be be to be acchieved be directly correlate with how much they be experience . the only way of increase the experience be to try new alternative and take risk for create a new solution . make observation can not be efficient as apply it and gain experince . in addition , in daily life , people face with new people and new situation which be not identical to each other . in any unwanted case , all of the previous knowledge can be helpful to some extent . if be consider as problem with many unknown , change any unknown will directly effect the result . as in our immune system , our body will response the invade pathogen more powerful in subsequent exposure than the first one . beyond these , human being sometimes can be on pursuit of new taste in order to renew their life and refresh their soul . life consist of eating and sleeping be not worth live so that how many year you live can not be as important how you live . people who be afraid of take risk for add up their life in fact do not want to violate their identity . therefore they continue to go in the way which they know well . however , there should be difference between human being and plant in order to put them into other group . take everything into account , it can be conclude that experience be great importance of find solution for unwanted situation and gain new 	TUR
I strongly agree with this statement . let me explain why . we live in the era of information and technology . our everyday life be sorrounded by this fact : computer and Internet , television , cinema . . . Enterprises take benefit from this new way of obtain information , and settle their advertisement everywhere . we can see publicity on the street ( for example bus stop ) , on the Internet ( while we surf the net , many different advertisement will show up ) , in the cinema ( film usually contain hidden reference to product ) ... but the main way enterprise expose their product be television . most of the population have a TV at home , or at least , have access to it in the neighbourhood or at school . . . who do n't watch television ? a person that might admit not watch it would be treat as an alien or something similar . publicity in television be the main support of a TV channel : enterprise pay large amount of money to have a space after a program , so they can show their product . and what about the product show on the television ? well , as we can daily see , all type of item be anounce : car , perfums , film , drink , food . . . but be these product expose from an objective point of view ? No , I do n't think so . publicity expert design the advertisement in a way it will call the spectator ' S attention , but not because of the product nature , instead of that , they will talk about its effect , about the feeling or impression you will experience if you buy it or use it . have you ever see a ` ` high quality ' ' perfum advertisement ? this publicity will not refer to the way the essence be make , no , this advertisement will talk about the effect it might have in the person and all the people that sorrounds that person . for instance : the perfum will make you feel fresh ; or make all the man fall in love with you ; or make you the sexy girl in the city ; or even compare the perfum ' s effect with the great pleasure in life ! the thing be that we do n't realise this be n't true until we buy the product , and then , it ' S already too late . so finally we conclude , as the statement say , that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	SPA
very few people in France think that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic than to specialise in one specifice subject . Indead , they think that you need to go through all the detail of a specific field if you want to be efficient . be that true or not ? I do n't agree with such a prejudice . on the contrary , I think the more you know , the more efficient you be . for example , if someone want to work in a library , will he be more efficient if he know everything about book , publishing and printing ? I do n't think so . I think he will be more efficient if he know about different thing such as history , anthropology , philosophy , litterature or science . practice can give you all technical knowledge but it will never replace broad knowledge provide by school and university . the second reason why I think a broad knowledge be important in our society be that people who have broad knowledge be more flexible . they be able to switch from one field to another . in other word , they be what I would call ` complete person ' . the can adapt themselves to every change . for example , you can be a banker today and become a manager tomorrow . my last point be about my political vision of a modern society : I think that a good citizen need to have a broad knowledge of all academic subject in order to make good choice . reality be complex : if you want to understand what be happen in your contry and in the whole world you need to have a solid knowledge in different field such as geography , economy or technology . To conclude about this subject , I would say that the British ideal of the ` gentleman ' who know about all aspect of human thing continue to be important in our modern world . 	FRE
I agree , because the advertisement exagerate the efficiency or quality of the product sound like a salesman in the shop . the marketing in some many brand be aggresive that it be because , they want to compete with other and then show how be the brand be good than the other . example of that be the Walt Disney ' s company over the year we see many commercial announcement in television , Internet , movie and mailing letter , they bombard to us with this promotion over and over again but in some many way they sellit a ` ` dream may come true ' ' but it be not true when you dedide to start a vacation in Walt Disney the do n't tell you about the long line in the sun wait for the attraction or wait for eat in restaurant . this be sort of a kind of huge mistake when the advertisement capture our attention and become more attractive that the reality . this be an example so how the people be enchant for some advertisement and the reality be other when arrive to ` ` Walt Disney ' ' . other advertisement just like food or diet show the specific people achieve their goal when enter to this plan , but the reality be other , because they never tell you how much be cost when you become interested in that program , the reality be they manipulate the statistic and sell dream and steal money for the customer , who fail to achieve that goal . in my opinion the people need to be more wisely when they attract and impress with an advertisement , just because they want your money and not your need or satisfaction that you want . that why they call marketing . 	SPA
nowadays , due to the fact that life time be become longer for all human being , everyone can enjoy life in each moment . however , I do think that young people be still more well to afford life in a more enjoyable manner than old people do . so , I do agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than young people do . in my essay , I will provide some resons that make my agree with that statement . the first reson why young people be able to enjoy life more that old peole be , be that , as they be young , they have a lot of experinces to do , young peolple may wish to experince emotion that they have never try before because of their age . they might like to have a family , and so they try al they can to find a good partner , enjoy any occasion they will have inorder to reach taht aim . moreover , they wold like to experince work . they wold like to enjoy the job that they eventually find and they will try to apprecite all the aspect of them , as they rapresent their first experince in the labour market . young people might enjoy life more than the ealderlies , because , as they be young , they have more energy to afford life itself . on the contrary of old people , young people enjoy sport , such as fotball , or basketball , which be an essentail part of life , and which request a lot of energy that old people , in general do not have . furthermore , thank to the energy that young people have because of thei age , they have more opportunity than old peole to make fanny and relaxing thing , suchs as trip or partys , which be so helpful in order to enjoy life . To coclude , I do think that young people enjoy life more than old people do , because of the experinces they wolu like to try in their future , and because of the energy they allow them to exploit the most enjoiable aspect of life . job 	ITA
I will explain why I disagree with the statement that in twenty year from now there will be few car in use than there be today . To start with as time go by more car be be produce and sell allover the world . this trend can be attribute to different factor , such as the world ' s population growth or the low cost of vehicle that lead to high affordability for the demand . the population keep grow as I mention and for this reason more people be willing to buy car . also , as also mention above , low cost of production give by modern technology and new material allow more people to buy a car . another reason that make more people willing to get a car be give by the improvement of the transportation system pretty much allover the world . we see big highway and road be build every day so that more place in the world become well connected to each other . there be many country , such as Italy for example , where the public transport system be not fully develop , for this reason a grow number of people prefer to have its own car rather than to rely on a way to travel that be not as efficient . a psychological reason also explain why more car will be see in twenty year from now than today ; the society tend to be very individualistic and less social than it use to be . for this reason more people prefer to be independente when they get around and the car become their own shell . car can not be replace simply because people need them to go to work , to travel , to see place in complete freedom ; sometimes peole just want to get the pleasure of drive them and feel a sort of freedom . because of all the above reason I believe more car will be produce and sell in the future , therefore in twenty year from now we will see more car than today , not few . 	ITA
in mordern society , student always face the dillemma that which one be more important between understand idea and learn fact . this problem be the much debate one in that it affect everyone in their daily life . some people prefer the first one to another and other have on opinion about it . before rend my opinion , i think it be necessary to take a galance of the argurments from both the side . it si quite easy for average people to choose learn fact because the several obvious reason that learn fact be more interesting , be easy and so on . although learn fact have some advantage , it also have many drawback such as you don not understand it deeply . therefore we have no complete evidence to suggest that learn fact be always good than unerstanding idea . What be more , the innate quality of understanding idea , unfortunally , be ofter \ n underestimate ; in other word , if you notice the invisable benefit of understanding idea , you can understand it more deeply . here I want to explain a few of the most important reason . it be the ability to think that be the first aspect of understand idea that people view profoundly . To illustate this , there be an appropriate example that be very persuasive . my parent be professor , so they usually teach me systematically to understand idea and put this on the prist place since I be a kid . as the time go on , I gradually become a person with ability to think . and this be very useful to me because this ability make me more creative . besides , the further reason why I advocate this be because that it be widely acknowledge that interesting be an indispensable part to the student ' studing and this issue be become a certain concern to many expert . To me , I think understanding idea be more interesting than learn fact . they be more attractive and fascinating finally , I think understanding idea be easy for student to understand . because fact could be differently in many condition and they might influence or change due to other factor . in contrast , understaning idea be more straight , be good for the student who don not have good intellecgence to learn . take into all these factor in to account , we may safely arrive at the conclusion that understanding idea be more important for student and it be more desire us to endeavor and we also could desire a special fulfillment and pleasure 	CHI
the big exchange through the huge use of plane now adays I start to feel that the car will be history . in spite of the large number of car , the plane number in grow . since the first flight over the ocian people begin to love the plane speed and to save time in travel . in plane the people do n't get tired of drive or even make an accedent which usually find in car . also plane can transport a large quantity of thing and in no time , and that we really miss in car . and the big reason that in the air there be no traffic jam ( at least until now ) . all of the reason above will make the people think of travel in plane , or even own thier private plane which be ussually small then the ordinary plane . with all these benefit , the people still feel worried about travel in plan instead of car . since @card@ people begin to think of the bad thing can happen to them which be kidnap , but this feeling begin to be history in now adays . the plane accedents be much small in number than accedents with car which make the people feel comfortable . I thing in @card@ year the airport will be more and more the plane on the other hand will develop and pilot school will be open to ordinary people . many shape and model of plane will appear , many company will exchange thier prouduction of ars into plane for example : i think we will see a nice GMC plane or even a toyota plane ... there will be also small airfield near almost every street . the use of car will be like ride horse now ! and the most exit thing be to have your own plane , airport and passenger . there will be a taxi plane and that what i call it : the Big Exchange 	ARA
in modern capitalist society , advertisement be a natural part of life . in this situation , I believe that it be all but inevitable that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . the fundamental reason be that modern consumerism have make it necessary for company to advertise their product simply because there be more good than be necessary . before the advent of mass production and mass consumption , the situation be vice versa : there be probably few good than be necessary . naturally , therefore , producer do not need to advertise at all . but in today ' S society , because of the tremendous advance of technology , it be possible to churn out unnecessary commodity produce mainly , or perhaps only , to gain profit by sell them . as a result , producer be force to make their product look much good than they really be so that they will be able to sell them out . another significant reason why advertiser exaggrate the value of their product be people ' S expectation to have new and ` ` good ' ' thing . in order to keep up with these consumer ' demand , company be compel not only to make new , slightly-upgraded product all the time but also to make the small improvement as impressive . the case in point be the computer industry . PC maker change their model three or four time a year even though the improvement be minor . because people expect this and because all the other competitor do so , a PC maker can not afford to continue to sell a PC first put on the market a year ago . as a result , it be necessary for PC maker to make their product look signficantly good than their previous model by , for example , change their look although the content be not much different . in conclustion , I agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be for two reason . modern consumerism have make it necessary , and as a result , people be accustom to have ` ` good ' ' product , which force producer to exaggerate minor improvement . it would be impossible to change this situation , and , therefore , consumer need to be wise enough not to be deceive by advertisement . 	JPN
no i do not entirly agree on the statement that group travel lead by a tour guide be the good way to travel due to numerous reason i have go to many country both in a group with my parent and alone , in my experince the good time i have be with a group of teenager my age in Usa because we be all the same age and of diffrent background , but it wasn ' entirly like a vacation where you have your peice of mind , and complete freedom to they way you want to enjoy your time . rather than wake up at 6 in the morning and go accordiong to set guideline make by the tour guide i would choose to roam the place alone , discover numerous place on my own and take the vacation as an adventure . Altough move in a group can be fun , but i belive go with a small group of maybe about 2 or 3 freinds that think alike be a good option and even though go with a huge group be amazing fun , the tour guide be what spoil all the fun . tour guide usually have the whole vacation plan out with set timmings make the holiday seem like another school day where you have a work up schedule to follow . therefore in my opnion the good way to travel would definatly be in a group but without a tour guide , because then you get the freedom to do you want and the liberty to make you own dicisions rather than follow a tour guide . but if the tour guide be another person similar to the group your travel in and know the place well the tour could defintly be the good one . but go to the himalays for adventure with a tour guide would defenitly kill the adventorus feeling that could be achived by go alone . therefore the statemnt have its pro and con dependiong on your tour guide , the group and the situation . but if all the three be perfect then the statment be defenitly justify . 	HIN
I partially agree with this statement . I think that have a broad and wide knowledge be a really good thing : if you be open mind and can discuss about many topic , you can get many opportunity , and you can also have more immunity to market variation . for instance , in case of macro-economic problem in a certain productive area , you can be able to change your work more freely , and more rapidly respect to the one which be very deeply specialize . otherwise , worker ( and here I refere also to manager , and people who have great responsabilities ) also need to be specialize in a certain field . accord to my opinion and to my knowledge , today the market need people who be specialize , but also need people who can share their knowledge with their colleague , in order to obtain revenue by sinergy and cooperation practice ; for this reason I think that while you be a student you need to widen as much as possible the spectrum of you knowlegde , investigate as many field as possible ; accord to me , it be reasonable to improve a specific tecnical ability just after finish your study ( or during the last year of your academic career ) ; behave in such a way , you could have both the basic wide knowledge to effort change , and also the specialization , which could make you the good worker in a certain field at a certain time and in a certain region . for example , worker with a low istruction level , may have many problem in case of change in the strategy of their company , or ( and this be a more dramatical problem for worker involve in the process ) in case of market revolution , which make a certain product obsolete , or generate the so call ` ` killer application ' ' . so , in order to be an attractive worker for the labour market , you need to specialize your knowledge , but in order to minimize risk , and to avoid market change , you have to widen your knowledge ; you also need to improve your capability and knowledge after you have finish your study : this be the so call ` ` life long learning ' ' , which I believe be the good model in modern society . 	ITA
it be important to know both the idea and concept as well as the fact . of cource the idea of a topic or a problem make it easy to understand and to remember it but it take much longer to be teach this concept . so sometimes it be easy to learn only fact even if they be dry and boring . it depend on what you have to do with the information , wether if you have to write an assey about that or if it be just for your own general knowledge . To know fact be sometimes important when you be talk to or discuss with other people . To show them in a short time that you have a big knowledge about different subject , you will need fact . To come back to the idea and concept I can say that if you have a big interest in something it be not enough just to know about the fact . also for yourself you want to know more and understand the whole thing . if you have exam in this topic , it be much easy to answer the ask question because you have the background . for myself I prefer to learn idea and concept . I be study and at the university it be very important to understand the problem . the exam be very difficult and hard . so if you be not prepare and only know the fact , you be lose . but sometimes if I read the newspaper or watch TV , I try to remember short fact . usually I do not have the time to read about every topic too long so I just remember the most important thing . after that I know what other people be talk about , not at all but I can understand the problem or topic because of the learn fact . To sumerize I would say that idea and concept be important to know when it be your cource or work . but fact be good to know for social relation . 	GER
I believe that people who take risk be successful and smatter as well because life be all on take risk especially on today society be its all about the compitition . for example if the college admission person see an application with someone who have do what every else have do as in requirement they will be dissapointed with the student . when they see someone who have do thing that have never do before they will only not be impress but they will take a chance as well . if you already know how to do a expirement you should try to improve it by take a risk and actually do something much defferent . also if you want to be the owner of a restaurant and you really want this to be the good selling retaurant and you be diciding where there you name the place a name of a well know chain of restaurant or you could take a chance and find originality by name it something thing else . if you become successful that way you will feel proud of your creativity and if you do n't become so successful at list you will feel proud that you fail with your own idea . this be what make you defferent from someone else originality a risk take be what succeds in life . know how to do something be one step close to take a risk and be more success then you be when you find out you know how to do something . the next step be make it original and be proud of the possitive result or negetive in some case . be a brain cancer survivor have teach me that take risk in your life be the good way to live life . I take some risk in the hospital and know here I be be successful . 	SPA
we do not have any proof about this statement and so we can say many different thing . when I talk to my father and we be involve in traffic he carry on say that he when be a teen there be not all this mess . street be not full of car because there be only one car per family . now everything have change . first of all every year we hear about statistic investigation that give us a completely different point : the number of car be increase . this may be cause by the improving of our wealth condition . when my father be young Italy be a poor country and it be just at the beginning of its transformation in a modern country . so the actual situation do not seem to sustain the statement . there be however some other consideration that we can do . our development can not be sustain by our planet . our supply of oil be get few and few and we have not find valid alternative power to substitute oil by now . there be hydrogen but it be more expensive . at the same time electrical engine do not have the same performance of the actual engine . so if for example hydrogen will be our only alterntive it will probably be impossible for a family to have enough money to pay more than one car with hydrogen as propeller . the other thing that can influence the number of car be the policy of our government . as I have already mention , traffic be increase more and more every year . but it will not be always possible to build new street and new route . there will be a limit . this fact can be already see in the choice of some important city . To get in London with our car we must pay a ticket . also Milan be go to adopte similar decision . so perhaps there will be a strong development of public transport . instead some country have already find different alternative . Netherlands for example be the country where there be the high number of bicicles in the world . if you walk around the street of Amsterdam , you will see bicicles everywhere . even in front of bar , megastores and fastfoods . but this result be relate to the choice of the government of build street for bicicles . so the politician have encourage people to lock their car in their garage . in the end , I do not see the possibility of a spontaneus reduction of the number of car . there be too many interest often relate to the oil industry and to the factory that build car . they be often important part of our economy and the government do not want to damage them . but they will be probably oblige with us to change our life style when the situation will get unsustainable . 	ITA
I ' m agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people . the young be happy , have more energy , and do n't think to much in the consecuenses of an action . young people like to enjoy life , go to the movie , beach , party , go to ride bike , travel , listen to the music , dancing and a lot of more activity . they want to be happy . old people usually have less energy to do a lot of thing than the young peolple can do . when you be old may be your healt be not the same and you have to expend time go to the doctor , therapy , go to the farmacy for medicine and be at home for more time whith responsabilities to do , work , grandchildrens to take care . you think more be you want to go to a place . young people and old people have a different way to think about live , resposabilitis and have fun . old people be more conservative . most of young people just think in have fun whith their friend and most of the old people just think about work or rest . 	SPA
many people would be propose that student be understanded idea and concept more siginificant than they be learn the fact . I can hardly agree with . the student learn fact be more beneficial for them . first of all , text raraly measure a student ' s social ability , a student ' s ability to communicate , and a student ' s ability to successiful integrate into the world . in contrast , if student be learnd fact , they can have these quality more easily . besides , if the student be go to successful in today ' S society , only understand the idea and concept be not enough . they learn fact lead to them to become a successful person . for example , it be rare that one find stimulating employment that do not requir at least a basic on computer . if student be learn the skill of computer , they will be more well-like . last but not least , learn the fact allow the student become well-develop adluts . if the student only understand the idea and concept , they will be a mean-spirited person . in conclusion , from my perspective , learn fact be more momentous than understand idea and concept . 	CHI
no one would be able to stay in a specific country fopr the rest of his life . let assume that theres some1 donst want to travel and leave his country , well i think hes lifeless and he doesnt wanna enjoy the taste of travel and life . its not neccessary to travel in a group lead by a tour guide , travel alone or with a couple of friend be much adventorous as long as u dont cross the limit of adventure . a trip would make a person learn more about other contries , different culture and experience hard time a normal person would gop through . travel alone would provide a person with a chance to stand up n take responsibility of himself . Travbeling alone would provide a person with a precious oppurtunity to plan , manage , and learn more about the obsticles hes go to face during life time . life be not all about joy and pleasure it be mainly to experience the rough time a person would go through . 	ARA
in my opinion i disagree with the topic about most advertisement make product seem much good than really they be . in this new global world and era the company try to reach so many people around world by the use of technology . but it can be sometimes harmful for the consumer who do not pay attention . Firsty of all there be too many way to attract consumer about the product . we can use Internet , tv , radio , by give advertisement . all of them be effective . by use a famous footballer or model you can increase the popularity of the product . on the other hand , the company use camera and light illusion to show the product more attractive . also this method can be use for show the big one as a little and the slow one as a huge one . an addition to this mechanism the advertisment give on tvs or internet be repeat so many time in order to persuade and convice the consumer . this make pressure on the consumer to try the product . the last factor for me to attract the consumer about the product be its price . as we know if a product be cheap we always think that it be the well suitable one for us . it i a quite wrong stetement in fact . thus the company know this situation and use it as a most well know weapon . in spite of the stated fact below , there be also some advertisement reclects the obvious and fair appearance and usage of a product . in such kind of situation we can try to company mark on it . for example some mark like bmw , general electric , lcw be most well know producer so we can trust their product also advirtisements . consequently , in our global and technologic world all company try to take a role in world trade and make much more money . furthermore we can say thet world management be relate with some big company . so the small one try to be in this huge budget . and also they can do everything to get this even they force the country to begin a war . attractive product to convince people be an easy piece of cake for them . 	TUR
Yes I Agree that most advertisement make product well than they really be . Allready advertisement to focus to buy and consumer product . way of reach their purpose be makin to admire consumer . so product must be attractive and service to other sense of consumer . Deemands must creative by advertisement . the advertisement be one of them marketing tool . it be n't give direct message by advertisement they be general , imagination , colourful and attractive . it mu n't be border . advertisement be service 6 sense of human to creative demand . for example orenge juise advertisement , all age of people could be a product . message might be power , enegy , sex , dream , healty , even as like medicine . even picture of nice real orange and more colourfull but its integreds sugar , water , fruit parfums , glikos , fruit nectar etc . . May be they will be enjoyable atmosfer in back ground of the advertsiement for example a young people party . that could be message sex , romance etc . . . so succesefull advertisement will be determine by rate of cunsomer . so how much sperate of people , earn profit , addvalue be important point of make advertisement that Products be seem good than they really be . 	TUR
it be more important for student to understand idea and cocnepts than it be for them to learn , i agree with this because it be important for every student to understand anything rather than learn it , the student can continue the path of the knowledge and can get more information to confirm that the student understand it before learn the fact . a student be a human be so he cant skip the main idea of understanding and concept of the study , with out understand the student would get struggle and cant learn the fact clearily , understand the study in step help a lot because it avoid all the mistake that a student can make . understanding idea and concept be a must for all student ' S , but it have to be do in step before learn it directly , the student can learn the fact easily after understand it , school be locate to give the student a breif exlanation of how it ' s do and how to understand the idea before analyse them and learn the fact of it . college in different administration and major give the student a chance for understand the idea of the study that student be in , school be locate to give the understanding to the student , after that the student when be graduate from school go to the college and would be ready to learn the fact because the student would be ready , but it ' S not very important for the student to learn the fact than understand the idea and concept . the main idea of the essay be for any student in anywere in the world should understand the idea and concept before think about learn the fact because understand the idea and cocepts give the student a chance to know the subject . 	ARA
I agree with this speech young people nowadays do not give time to help their community . the life be change from the past I mean every thing become faster and faster in this life . everyone busy with his own life . first of all , the young people be busy wirh their study and their own life . the young people in the past , they do not warried about their study . however , now they worry alot for they study and they want to be something in their sociuty . next , young people have alot of thing want to do . for example , they want to enjoy in their free time with their friend . they want to go to the mall or visit some good friend . on other hand , in the past they have alot of time to help their community . finally , the year after the year the young people will be more busy than now because of the technology which develope year after year and the life will be more difficult . I think the young people should orginize their time in this cause they can do want they want . also , they can help their communties . 	ARA
in order to answer to this question it may be useful to spread my idea from the definition of the concept of ` ` community ' ' to the concept of ` ` responsability ' ' . but I think this will take me a lot of time and . . . space , in term of word to be write . however , I think that the statement report in the leave frame of this window be to be validate as well as no generalization can be do about something , since what we state be just refer to our personal experience . \ start from this foundamental point that structure my idea on such a topic , I can clearly say that I do not ( completely ) agree with what be state . as a matter of fact there be young people who give enough time - sometimes , Too time - for help community , and there be on the contrary young people who do not want to be involve in this fact . I think that nowadays the importance give to a generic ` ` job ' ' ( not the one we refer to as the ` ` money-bringer ' ' process , but the one of something a person can do for a reason or for another ) depend on the social , cultural and political environment in which that job be process . as a matter of fact I think that it be true that young people have different aim in their life , but it be also true that in one way or another those people could be help community even if they do n't know they be . What I be stress be the idea that no one can say with no doubt that a generic person P be make well for the community instead of a person Q who be not do well . I think that this have to be refer from situation to situation and no generalization can be use , in any way . however I can see , from my personal experience within my family , that that thing year ago guide young people to help community , for example help old people or people with some disease etc. , be no longer present nowadays : I refer to a mind condition , i.e. SPIRITUAL SUPPORT , THINKING of OTHERS ( in Italian we call it ALTRUISMO ) ... but nowadays we look at Convenience , mainly ( I underline another time , NOT Always ) . Convenience be probably the main disease oppress humanity because convenience make us do something just for the ` ` do Ut des ' ' criterion , but this be not always the right thing to do . this can be find in every field : at work , at school , in sport ( I live in Italy . . . ) . in conclusion I can remark what I just read in this few line : no matter what you work for or you work in , no matter what people say to you and what people think about you ( in a rational way , obviously ) , just do what you do for so long , and you will help your community as much as you can . . . 	ITA
in a world fill with knowledge and a variety of educational line , one have a great number of subject to choose from . it be good to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one particular subject . a prospective student may want to pursue his career learn only the subject he require . an architect , for example , would want to study Physics and Mathematics , as subject like these help him in his field . though English literature and environmental science be not require in his field , they pass on some principle that would help him through life ' S race . a look into the environment may help him to select different type of material to be use in construction , so as to keep the environment safe . after his education , he would come out more knowledgable . during one ' S schooling , one be expose to a variety of subject like history and geography . do you ever come across this time when you wonder - ` ` why ? What use be this go to be to me in the future ? Will the knowledge of what happen to my country a thousand year ago help me in the future ? @card@ year later , will anyone ask me how high Mt . Everest be ? ' ' . though this information may seem useless at that age , after progress through life ' S obstacle , one realize that the knowledge one have gain by study such subject be very precious and valuable . we now remember that Mt . Everest be @card@ metre high and be go higher every year . it give us a sense of superiority and pleasure that we , after so many year , remember such tiny detail . specialize in one specific subject may give the student more time to understand the subject and achieve perfection . specialize may give one an edge over other . but when we emerge into society , ready to make a difference to our life , the life of other , or the world as a whole , we realize that a broad knowledge of subject be good than specialize in one subject . with knowledge come power , and with power come responsibility . it be our responsibility to make this world a good place . 	HIN
the statement assert that understanding idea and concept be more important learning fact . before we move on to judge the merit of the assertion let try to differentiate between ` ` Ideas and concept ' ' and ` ` fact ' ' . idea and concept represent the fundamental ` ` line of thought ' ' or ` ` logical progression ' ' behind any phenomenon . for example different culture use kinship nomenclature e.g. Uncle , father , mother etc. in order to express not just natural relationship , but also social relationship , status , power equation , economic situation etc . on the other hand , ` ` Facts ' ' represent the ` ` hard example ' ' or ` ` expression ' ' which can be immediately place in their context and be self explanatory . for example , Uncle be term use for father ' S or mother ' S brother . but in many culture uncle be also a term use for any significantly old male , even if no biological relationship exist . What it essentially mean be that it be very difficult to understand ` ` idea and concept ' ' as separate from ` ` fact ' ' , and vice versa . the two be interlink in many way . its only thorugh ` ` observation ' ' of similarity between fact that idea and concept emerge . that be if it be observed that in a culture all provider of food and security and term as ` ` Father/Mother ' ' , it mean there be more to nomenclature than the biological relationship . its no conincidence that Hitler be term ` ` Fuherer ' ' i.e. father . on the other hand , once an idea or concept have be ` ` obserevd ' ' and ` ` established ' ' through the study of ` ` fact ' ' , it provide a medium for understanding of all future factual observation . that be whether they support or oppose the idea or concept . hence , observation of ` ` fact ' ' be both the ` ` initiator ' ' and ` ` distiller ' ' of concept . in this light , it will be fool hardy to see idea and concept as oppose to fact . both of them be equally important for real learning . student need to understand a ` ` concept ' ' through assimilation of fact . concurrently a concept or idea provide the medium for assimilation of large number of fact . both be inseparable for complete learning . 	HIN
I am agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . it be true that youth of today be not much concern about the well being of his society and be busy in pursue his own individual interest but they be not wholly to be blame for this because there be various other factor which prevent them from contribute to their society and community . To start with take the example of cut throat competition all around the world in every field due to technological advancement , where every individual , every firm be strive hard to achieve maximum efficiency and hence maximum benefit out of limited available resource in their hand . right from the point child take admission in the primary school , he have to cater to the expectation of his parent , friend etc . then with population increase and resource decrease , their be limited vacancy in high school , college and good university for the student so there also they have to compete in entrance examination for the limited seat . then even once in , there be not much relief since the academic curriculam be so hectic that one do not have enough time to look after other people who need help . and we alsoo in this situation we can not expect from someone to take out time from his busy schedule and devote it to the community . then come to the time one get job and start work in some business or firm , there also the young man be expect to do hard work , if they want a good and secure future . however despite these point , i will not deny the careless attitude of the youth towards their community . due to globalisation and mix of culture , young people be more attract towards the materialistic pleasure and be not ready to understand the responsibility they have on their shoulder for the society and community , which have give so much to him to make the person , he today be , and now it be his obligation from the ethical consideration , that he give some payback to the same community . 	HIN
indeed , many succeful people in the history be willing try new thing and take risk , but do all the succeful people try new thing and take risk ? I do n't think so . I think successful people be the one who be top in thier field . if he or she can do one thing best , he or she will be a succeeful person . for this point of view , successful people do not always have to try new thing and take risk . we see some one who do somethings new and succeed , so that we say succed people ` ` always ' ' try new thing and take risk . I think it ' s too abrupt . we will say that , because we only see the succeful one . we have little chance to the failed one . try new thing and take risk also mean high prossibilty of failure . therefore , many people prefer to spend their time on what be already know . and they work hard so that they can outbeat their rival . also , only the ` ` try ' ' be not enough . we have to spend more time and energy to improve the invitation . and the improvement part be more annoy and complicate . if he or she be one who be only willing to spend their time to find or invite somethhimg new , but too lazy to improve it , he or she will not succeed . on the other hand , if there be a one who be willing to work hard to find the imporving way , one be more likely to succed that the original invitor or finder . take Janpan for example . TheAmerican invite car , but they do n't spemd time to improve car . and Janpanese spend a lot of time and money to improve car . now , Janpan become the big contry produce car . therefore , I think the keypoint of success be not try new thing , but willing to work hard or not . 	CHI
I agree with the statement that , ` ` most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . ' ' my opinion about this topic be base on personal experience as well as personal opinion . who have not see an advertisement that appeal to his/her own need and want ? furthermore , I will go a step further and say that I be sure that almost everyone have buy a product because he/she remember an advertisement about it . advertisement be temptous and play with the customer ' S emotion . in addition , the way they be put together they appeal to the viewer ' eye ; it make them want to have whatever be display on the advertisement . in the center of advertisement be usually a woman with a perfect body , few clothes , a big smile . moreover , this kind of advertisement make woman want to be her and man want to get her . at this point the product be sell be not as important as the emotion involve in the advertisement . for example an advertisement for a cigarette company sell a cancerous stick to people by present a tan , attractive , and good-looking woman with a glowing cigarette in her hand on a huge billboard . do people really want to start smoking or rather be as good-looking as the woman . now , this support the fact that the advertisement make the product seem much good than they really be . another point to be make in this commentary about the statement be that even be people do not try to be influence by the product sell on advertisement , they be still influence by them . as soon as people leave their house they be surround by advertisement on huge billboard , on truck drive by , on school blackboard , or in magazine and newspaper . these advertisement will store subconsciously . if people then go to the crocery store to make their weekly supply they will remember what they see on the billboard . they might buy those product and recognize that what they buy be not as good as they think it would be . they be surprise by the fact that the advertisement sell them this product and , more important , make it look good than it actually be . in conclusion , it seem athat in today ' s world we be surround and enclose by advertisement and people who try to sell thing . this be the reason why it be hard to distinguish whether the product be sell be actally worth buying or if it be just try to trick our eye . it be important for people to recognize that not everything advertise will have exactly the same effect on everybody or will taste the same way to everyone . but also I have to make the experience first before I recognize that ` ` advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . ' ' 	GER
last year , my girlfriend and I go to the Disneyland of Hong Kong lead by a group . after the whole trip , we find that we do not have much memeries about the Disneyland because the the group give us such a hurry travel that we even do not have enough time to have a little more picture . as a result , I decide to have my tourism with my tour guide forever . there be several reason that help me to make the decision . firstly , some people stand on the ground that the group travel be much more economical than lead by tour guide . as far as I be concerned it be questionable . the tour guide you emolyed be not very expensive , and the guy will give you much more than your imangation . it be the dream place do not apper on your tourism book . at the same time , you will have enough time to take the photo and breath the air of freedom from your city . we spend our money to enjoy our life , but in the tour group . we just keep move to another palce when we do not regconise what we have see here . it be a really waste of our money and our life in my eye . secondly , we can find ourselves by the tour guide . in the group we be the worker , we must listen to this , listen to that . we spend our Mony to enjoy our life , we do not need a leader to have a tourism . it be no longer our office . there be no boss ! the nature and we be here ! that be the ture life , we be the leader of our life , we be the leader of the tourism . where I want to go , I make the decision . thirdly , perhaps the travel in group be more safe , we can face the problem together which happend in our tourism . but we should konw that everyone of us should be brave to face any challenge in our life . To solve the problem be one part of the tourism which we really appreciate . and you have a tour guide who will help anytime , because we be the boss . we spend our money and time to enjoy our life , to enjoy the problem . from what we dissussed above , we can safely draw the conclusion that althogh the advantage of travel in a group will bring safetyand reletivly economical be considerable , they can not compete with true life of tourism lead by a tour guide when its responsibility be take into deliberation . so pack yourself up . now , Enjoy our life ! 	CHI
enjoyment be a part of the human life and all human want to enjoy at their own pace some by go to tour , by have party , go for drive , etc . I agree with the statement that ` ` young people enjoy life more than the old people do ' ' . as the title suggest young and old , we can say that young will have more capability and ability than old to enjoy the life . there be many factor for that like improvement in technology , consider the age factor , stress factor etc . as there be improvement in the technology day-by-day , there be new thing for enjoyment like go for drive , spend their liesure time with friend in pub and resturants , many amusement park which give recreation from their daily workload , etc . normally old people can not make their way to the above mention place bacause it may be because of their age , health and some may not know also who stay in remote area about these kind of place and what mostly old people want be to spend their life peacefully-free from all the tension and most of them will spend at their home itself with their grand child and by some other mean . most of the young people will enjoy more compare to old people because of stress also . it be also one of the factor bacause they have to work all the time from morning to evening with full stress and to overcome that stress , there should be some means of enjoyment which be not available at the time of their old one . moreover as they be young , they be energetic and they have the ability to roam around the place with complete enthusiasum . consider an example of a @card@ year old boy and his grand father . the boy have many way and opportunity to enjoy his life as he be energetic firstly and there be many way for his enjoyment as there be improvement in the technology where as his grand father can not enjoy as the boy do because he be old and his age may not be cooperatative with that . it may be also that he may not be familiar with new kind of enjoyment which be bring by technology . as there be more improvement in the technology , there be many way to enjoy as mention in the above paragraph and surely our next generation will enjoy more than what we be enjoy now as there will be improvement in the technology in the come year and they will have good opportunity morethan what we have . Ofcourse there be some way for the old people also to enjoy but their health condition may not support for that . so i strongly support the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people do by consider certain factor and example which be mention in the above paragraph . 	TEL
guest at dinner party be appreciate for their ability to have a pleasant and rich conversation with anyone about nearly anything . at this game , people with a broad knowledge of many academic subject and a sense of conversation will have the upper hand . however , once the dinner have end , such a proficiency in so many area might result to be little more than an annoy flaw of character . knowledge be a vital tool to understand ourselves and the world we live in . so , what be wrong with try to know as much as possible in as many academic subject as possible ? One answer to that question could be that the pursuit be self-defeat , indeed , the more we learn , the more we realize we know little . give this state of thing , pursue knowledge for its own sake might seem absurd . the acquisition of knowledge should be motivate by something else than intellectual pleasure . each person have his or her own personnal interest , career objective , ambition , dream , or big unresolved question . these could drive people to want to know more . moreover , these force will often lead someone to look deep in one specific subject than in other . on the other hand , value knowledge for its own sake will lead people to waste their effort in an incoherent way in a vain attempt to know more . finally , a motivated approach to one or few subject , might lead someone to understand thing well , to find answer , or even to achieve something . To conclude , it might be good to specialize in one specific subject than to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject . above all , it be important that this pursuit of knowledge should be motivate by something else than the arrogant goal of just want to know more . 	FRE
as it be say that high return can not be get without high risk , it seem to be true that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they know . however , I disagree with the idea because of follow reason . firstly , success can be achived if you continue do what you already know how to do well . for example , in Japanese traditional art like Kabuki or Nou , the performer repeat the practice of the same story every day from the day they start the practice when they be 3 year old or so to the day they die . however , we all admit that they could succeed in fully express the traditional art as part of Japanese culture . the same also apply to traditional craftmakers or even professional baseball player . they improve their ability by repeat the same thing which be the most familiar to them every day . these example be enough to deny the statement above . besides , even if try new thing bring you the chance for success , new thing must mean the thing which be new to everyone , not to the person alone . someone who always change their focus can not have a chance to get success . 	JPN
I do n't agree with the follow statement : ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' . I think that the correct statement will be the exact opposite . I ' m gonna defend my point of view first by prooving that to success people need to study , then the success need to be build step by step and finally the success be come from other trust . fist of all , I personnaly think that to succeed , study be need . go to college be not a risk but the opposit , an insurrance in life . that an invest in life to a well future and and a secure one . of course go to college can be see as something new at the beginning , but it ' S not exactelly like that . it ' s more like a continuation of a reach to knowledge . by have a degree , people learn how to do something good . the second reason why I disagree with this statement be because I think that success be something which need to be build . it ' S not come easely and fast . that ' S a long daily work and to increase chance to achieve it , stability be requiere . Runing and rush from one plan to an other one wo n't lead no where . finally , I think that to success in life trust from folk be a must have . without trust there be no possible real success . and take risk be the bad way to reach that trust from people around . again , the trust be something to build day after day . and to get it a knowledge in the activity be also requiere , nobody be gonna trust somebody new in a realm who do n't know what he be talk about . of course success can come to someone who be take risk , but it ' S like the lottery it be happen to one in a million . I think that knowledge , stability and trust be the key to success . 	FRE
I strongly believe in the say ` ` Change be the only constant in life . ' ' accord to me a person who change with time and try new thing can be successful . some people just want to play it safe and do not want to take any risk in life . they want to stay in the same place , work in the same company and even like to eat the same kind of food . these people have very few chance to be successful . I think it be very important to have the courage take risk in life . but at the same time a person should also be intelligent to analyze his plan of action . for example if a person wish to start a company he should plan and work on a lot of thing . firstly he analyze the market and see what effect his product have on the market . then he should take take care of the finance . start a company or business or any enterprise require a lot of courage because it might be work and it might not . so one should have the confidence and courage to go out in this competitive world and give your good shot . if you fail once it do not mean that you will fail everytime . one should keep try till he or she succeds . but it be also important to learn from your mistake and try not to repeat them . fail once should not stop you from try new 	HIN
although I understand why some people think it be more important for student to learn fact , I think that it ' s more efficient for them to understand idea and concept . To my view , there be three reason why idea and concept prevail . first , idea and concept enable a student to understand not only one fact but also plenty other fact because fact happen once and idea can explain many fact . for example , you can know how to cook a specific cake but if you understand how cake be make in general you will be able to cook every cake . it mean that by understand a fact , a student would be able to anticipate only this precise fact next time he experience it . instead , if a student understand the concept he will be able to anticipate the outcome of many related fact . secondly , idea and concept be the first thing that you learn at school and I think it be efficient . for instance , in mathematics , you always begin by learn the rule before apply them . moreover , theory be something that gather information from the experience of other people . that be exactlwhat the teacher be teach : concentrated experience rather than a fact . last , accord to my personnal experience I think it ' s more important to understand first idea and concept . I create a fashion company but I know only a few thing about this industry . Thank to my knwloedge that I have learn in class I be able to adapt and anticipate thing as I already know this industry . for example , marketing concept can be use for every industry . by use them I be able to cleat the hurdle which be my ignorance of the industry . To conclude , I think that idea and concept prevail on fact and that be why . still , as I say at the beginning , I understand people who think the opposite because you need to fact to understand how to apply the theory . 	FRE
I think that for a student be very imporatant both understanding idea , concept and learn fact . but I do n't agree that idea and concept be more important than learn fact . the follow reason support my idea ; first of all , it be useless if we understand a lot of concept and idea and we do n't use them to learn fact . I want to say that learn concept be a very important thing if we be able to use those concept to do useful thing . therefore , learn new concept be very important , but also we must learn from fact , to see as those concept be use . for example , I be an universitary student and every day , during the lesson , I learn a lot of concept . but I study in a technical university , therefore for me be very important to make a lot of experience to improve my preparation in a particular subject . furthermore , it ' S very important to learn fact , because always it can come in useful in the future . the second reason , that push me to think in this way , be that if we only understand idea and concept , we will not understand completely as those concept work . I want to say that there be a lot of thing that we can learn only from fact and experience . I think that a student have a good preparation about a particulr subject if he learn both concept and experience . in fac , in a lot of company if a person want to gain an advancement he must have a lot of experience and a lot of 	ITA
I disagree with the idea that travel in a group lead by a tour guide be the good way . there be two reason to support my opinion . first , in a group tour , you ca n't visit place freely . if the place you want to visit be not very popular , there be a few plan you can choose . when I be a high school student , I visit Kyoto in a group of my school . then , I want to go to Sanzyusangen temple . however , the plan of the tour do n't include the temple . therefore , I could n't visit there . second , although the time to look around the place be usually limit in a group tour , you can spend time to look around as much as possible . you would n't be able to understand the history of the place if the time for sightseeing be limit . when I go to Todaiji temple in my school trip , I could't check carefully the explanation of the temple or statue of god because I do n't have enough time . furthermore , when you walk around the place or the town , you may notice good thing that you could n't find in a group tour , for example , the kindness of people there or delicious food . when I travel to Tokyo alone , I get lose . then people there help me . this be very important exper 	JPN
young people enjoy life more than old people do . I agree with this statement young be enegetic and have the curiosity to enjoy and accomplish thing . young people will have good friend , they spare good amount of time with friend , go on vacation , party in the weekend and lot more . while old people contact will be very less they only enjoy certain time , like if any relative come to your house . first of all , young people study in university , in university they not only study but involve in so many recreational activity ... Environment of the university will be very good , they enjoy in canteen with many friend . where old people does't have the chance . secondly , youngster will be energetic and enjoy a lot by participate in game like play shuttle , cricket . other than their amusement they can keep their health fit . in good community , there may be social organisation in the month end . young people participate in these social organization and may arrange large event like conduct game , provide orchestra etc . in game young people participate largely and try to entertain other people in the social organization . university will give long vacation in the year end , which will have good chance for the youngster to plan and spend lot of time enjoy themselves during their vacation . they can go to other place to see their relative and find some time spend with their relative . Yougsters have the propensity to spend time by watch movie , these movie be interesting and enjoy them self . take into account of all these factor , youngster will enjoy lot more than the old people becase the environment hey have in the community . 	TEL
nowadays , with the technology make significantl progress , our live become more and more wonderful and convinent . so many people begain consider how to enjoy their life . as a young people , however , i strongly disagree the statement on the leave screen and there be too many instance to support my view . firstly , as we know , our society be become aging and our warfare become more and more lighten . that give a rise to new situation that so many elder spend their leisure hour in travel . that be why the travel agency be the one of the most lucrative industry in this era . for examlp , my parent usually spend 4 month in different cite . in addition , many old people have less presuer from job than young people . most of them have fix pension . they do n't worry about their finacial problem . that give them chance to enjoy life . my uncle get a incridible pension and he do n't save it . he usually spend so much in food and intertaiment . furthermore , our society need youth to make progress . that can continue a great cycle . if we enjoy life , that mean we do n't want a confortable life when we become old . any develop countris should have many ambitious youth to maintain its prosperousity from what have be discuss above , we can finally draw the conclusion that the old people enjoy life more than young people . 	CHI
the word advertisement come from the root ` advert ' , which mean ` to draw attention ' . the central motive of all advertisement , be infact to get considerable attention . and the advertisement , generally go beyond simple enumeration of product feautures . they try to make a product look much good than it really be . I totally agree with the statement . while , advertisement today be much more sophisticated , than they be a few decade ago , the chief theme of an advertisement be always to get more public attention , so that the product could sell well . Initally in 70s or 80s , only the feature of a product and customer testimonial be greatly exaggerate . this make a product look much good , than it really be . inflated customer testimonial help create a sense of a happy consumer . while , such technique be already create a sense of false product perception , it be only in past 1 or 2 decade , have the advertising become so complex and sophisticated . people , child and adult be beguil by the aura ` modern advertisement ' create about a product . this aura be well know as ` the brand ' among the marketing and advertising firm . these modern advertisement basically create implicit association of certain product type with certain behavior , in the consumer mind . association like - if you drive ` Car Z8 ' you be cool . or if you use certain perfume , you will be much more attractive to the opposite sex . these association create illusion in front of consumer , hence ensure that they can not make rational and logical choice about product . moreover , with such advertising it be no longer necessary for a product to be good , in order to be commercially successful . a regular garment line with similar design , could command twice the price with a celebrity endorsement . such , technique ensure that consumer and the manufacturing company ignore what be really important - the product , and not it ' S aura . also , this false image , contribute to what be call the mad consumerism . people get insane to get certain be not good for society . with advertisement and brand people be sometimes unable to seperate wheat from the chaff . What be really important and what be just a fake . I strongly believe , the advertisement make a product look much well use various method . however , such marketing do harm to the society in general , and consumer in particular . 	HIN
I be not quite sure about my oppinion on that topic . there be several advantage and disadvantage on both side . first be a specialist be like a goal you can acchieve , fullfilling the dream of be ` ` the good ' ' that everyone have . it be like a motor for work harder . and of course it need expert for innovation . you have to have the time and power to think about new way and to be able to make experiment . specialisation have always play a very important role in evolution in general and moreover in the human evolution . people become expert and share the work . so they get faster and have the knowledge , understanding and skill all together be n't able to have . in fact specialization be the key to our culture , without it there would be no kind of art . on the other hand one might say that expert be very good in one single topic but quite stupid in everyday life . they be depend on other - so there could never be a world full of expert it always need people who work together with them , have to share their skill . an other important point be ` ` have an overview ' ' . if you have knowledge in various area you can see the conections , how one thing influence the other . and you can draw your conclusion . you than have the possibility to find surprising answer for problem because you don ' t think in the ` ` ordinary ' ' way . last not everyone be interested in all the different academic subject and/or the skill and therefore be n't motivate . in context of education - as I understand this question - I would say good way be a combination of both . you first have to know some basic information and gain skill that be fundamental in every field of academic subject . but when you find out than one topic arrouses your special interrest and you have the gift to work in this field and be good than you should ahve the possibility to spezialize . in my opinion you should never stop learn . and in these time you always have the chance to ask someone if you do n't understand or do n't know something . it be very important to be a ` ` good ' expert - concentrate on what you can do well but do n't forget to look around from time to time . 	GER
Altough some educator who work in the field of education beleiving learn fact be realy important for all the student , most other educator claim that understand the idea and concept will be useful in their life . accord to me , most of the emotional fact be subjective . if you learn the other people idea , you can find the good way and you can evolve your own idea . it make you a self confidence person . self confidence people can keep up with rapid social and technological change . accordin to the conduct from some scientist publish in a education issue two mount ago about % @card@ people content with their life . this cocequence indicate us self-confidence people be more succesful and happy in their life . most of the student can forget their knowledge in the long time , but if you understand the texture of the information you can produce some new idea and compare the other . througout of my life ? be very luck to have a good ralationship with my teacher and coworker because above the mention , ? always to be a invastigater person . it make me a person who have own idea . 	TUR
the term ` ` Successful ' ' be relate to get goal and dream , but to get a goal mean to take a risk , to do new thing . so that be why succesful people like to take risk , because they know they can take the opportunity and explote it to the maximum , and thats how they go ahead and with a risk there be always a finish line , the goal , so when succesful people see that goal in their life they see it and do not look back or look both side , they keep its mind to what they want and that be why they get success . now at day successful people take risk , try new thing and opportunity , opportunity in which they have to try new thing , opportunity in which they will earn experience because they do not do only what they do well , instead they be in search of new capacity they dont even know they have . for example Bill Gates , he be a man that one day wake up and decide to take a risk , a new opportunity , a new thing , something that no one have thinked about it , maybe at those day when Microsoft do n't exist people think that Bill Gates be crazy , but they do n't know what would that decision make him what he be today . Bill Gates be successful now at day because he take an opportunity that anybody else want to grab . I agree with the statement ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' because we have to go out to the world and explore new thing to see if we be good in other thing , because there be a lot of people that have be successful just for take risk , so that mean we can do it to , we just have to decide to do it and do it and keep our mind and our eye focus on the goal we want to reach . 	SPA
I am agree , student need to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact , because that will make easy in the time to study for the test , and will be able to participate any time the teacher aks a question , it be really important to understand everything about the subject that help to earn time , to study for all subject . a clear example I have , in Quemistry be a class in which you have to understand what the teacher be explain because it have some exercise that even if you study you ca n't figure it out easily , so everytime I do not understand I ask my teacher . and I successfully get a good grade . many time student be to shy and they be afraid to ask somebody to help her in a different subject , or even the teacher do n't like to help student , so we as student we need to have a positive mind and fight for what we want , do our good at school and be obedient follow direction . another example I have , I be really proud of my sister she be really smart , in her test she always get good grade , and I ask her if she can give me some clue , and the answer I receive from her be that I have to understand what I be read or study so I try to understand , now I be successful in my subject and in my own life . finally , I can encourage all student have a positive mind and put their heart on God , he be the only person we can trust . 	SPA
apparently , young people have much more time to enjoy themselves . however , it be difficult that to say that young peole enjoy life more than old people do . there be a problem somewhat too colplicated to speak easy way . Everyone enjoy their life . indeed they enjoy their life in their own way . so young people and old people both enjoy their life , but in their specific way . old people , of course , have more time to work in their field to make money for their family . sometimes they can not have a break all day long . even , in Asian country , old people can not have a vacation all around year . they have great royalty to their family . although they may complain about their life like this , they will not leave it . sometimes they enjoy this situation , to have chance to support their family by themselves and to grow their child in good circumstance . this be the life actually they enjoy everyday . young people can not help enjoy their time everyday . they have no responsibility to work for someone except simple homework . so young people have much more time to spend for themselves , in my experience , more time do not mean more joyful . in fact , young people spend time useless more often than old peole do . but it be obvious that if young people can manage their life valuable , they have much more chane to ( really ) enjoy their life . in conclusion , the critical point of about this question be not the quantity but the quality of life managing . although old people have less time for themselves to enjoy than young people , they can manage their life more valuable , so they can enjoy about the result . 	KOR
I completely agree with the point that it be always well to travel in a group lead by a guide . Guide be a person who be especially appoint by the govt . for the benefit of the visitor . he be capable of provide explicit information about the tourist place . so why not to take the benefit of the service provide when one be in a group . suppose you be travel down in India with a group of friend . here the inscription give tourist place ' s technical detail be very limit . so a guide will thoroughly relish one with the date ' S , histroy and all its related matter . moreover if the guide be not hire it might happen that some of your friend may go to other direction as per their interest , loose the fun of be together , acknowledge less information . it ' S always great fun to be together while visit place . else one may get bore . so if a group have hire a guide it will be rather involutary that the group will stay bond . so there ' s no risk of loose someone behind on the trip . the process of see new thing will be extrememly sequential and meaningful because the guide will proceed step by step give out inrtrigue infromation . the group member might have some doubt regard the monument . so it might happen that one might be able to understand the history well base on other ' S doubt . they could even discuss more thing if they have come on a school assignment trip for the history class . also the guide will not dare to skip thing inorder to save time and get more money as he fear the number of people . it usaually happen in India though . but more the people , great the interest and this directly affect the enthusiasm of the guide . a group could even share the tour guide ' s expense so they could hire good guide than an individual . it ' s more a harmless option give all the group member equal benefit with all the fun combine with travel . 	HIN
ethical marketing be very significant subject that should be study in the some department of university . I see lot of advertisement in television or in newspaper which describe the product as a perfect solution to customer ' problem , but , in reality it be not . I believe that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . in all sector , we can see these type of advertisement . Automotive , Information Technology or Consumption sector , no matter which sector it be . all use advertisement way to convince consumer to buy the product by emphasize some point generally but not give detail about some unknown thing which can influence the final decision to buy it . To illustrate , a MP3 player usually announce in a newspaper as a product which be 1 GB and have a radio . however , many people do not know that their radio do not work well everywhere and they even do not know how may song can be save to that wonderfull device . without think some of them buy it while other learn the reality when they go to buy it by ask question to the sale representative . another example be that some advertisement trick be implement in price . price be show by exclude taxis and when you be very happy since you have find your favourite product and you go to buy it . usually , it be too late to change your view and thus , you buy it . in this sense , it be certain that most advertisement make product seem much good than they be . however , by give more importance to marketing lecture and to their content , this unethical situation can be prevent . also , these lesson should be must course instead of be elective . 	TUR
I be happy . I be young , and I be happy . I never be old in my life so I can not know if I agree or disagree whit the statement , base myself on my own life experience . but I do can answer base on what I live since this time and on what I see around me during this time . and I will say that I agree . their be a lot of avantages in get old . old people have more freedom ( they can do whatever they want to and do not have to ask anyone ) , they earn their life in their own so they be able to plan it good than a young people because they do not have to rely onto their parent . . . but I be still think that young people enjoy life more than old people do . their be just much more thing to do , thing to enjoy , for young people . they do not have as much responsabilities than old people , so they do not have as much thing to worry about . for example , I say that old people have more freedom , earn their own life . it be thrue . but what I do not say then , it be that their be more fun , to me , in enjoy life basicly , without any trouble in mind , or much less importants one . Furthemore , young people have often much more possibility to meet new people and make new friend than old one . old people have to have a job to earn their life . and most of time , after the fisrt week im their compagny , they will see the same people , collegues , maybe for the rest of their life . a young people , do his study , meet a lot of new people each year when he come to a new class . he could even meet more new people if he change of university . so young people meet more people , make more friend , have more fun , and have less problem to worry about . . . well , I be also exciting to get old and have more freedom and responsability every day , but I think that I may regret these year one day , 	FRE
as you know , some people be so busy because their life especially young people . there be a lot of thing to do in their life . sometimes they work long time and they ca n't take their time . some of them work hardly depend on their job . these day , people work hard because time be very important for them . they want to use exact time in their job . during this period they can forget to help their community . I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . first of all , young people have a lot of thing to do . business be very important in their life . they want to get perfect life and to be a good family person . they work in a hard or an easy job and time be limit for them . their community be a second thing because of their own job life . secondly , young people want to give time for own their time . they do something to relax . for instance , they go to somewhere during their free time . they have some kind of hobby and some young people want to be alone . they can help themsleves . there be no time for their community . finally , young people ' S rythm be vey different or changeable . this situation depend on their own personal property . some of them be very workholic , some of them be very lasy . furthermore , environmental change effect them . they can change easily about thier behaviour . indeed , something be not important for them . they have not a good relationship between they and their family or friend . most of work or job can effect them easily . they can forget what they have one family or friend . in briefly , time can found hard because of some specific reason to give enough time to help someone . indeed , give a time to help someone depend on our hand . these day , everybody want to get a good life or a job . 	TUR
I be totally agree with this statement . no matter successful people or normal people , they all need to try new thing and take risk . if they only do what they already know , they be learn nothing . successful people try new thing an take risk be the good thing that they need to do . for example , a animal professior who discover medicine for human . if they only make the medicine that we all already know and already have , so this be not call discover and they be no longer need . of course they need to find out new medicine and it take risk because they test animal . another example be student who be successful in study . why be they successful ? the reason be they already try new thing such as read a lot of different book and communicate with teacher . the risky thing be take extra exam that be not require . if student do not read a lot of book and evaluate themselves , how can they be successful student ? they will stay the same without study new thing . they can not only study what they know well . otherwise , they can not open-minded . for me , I have a personal story about this topic . I be try new thing an also take risk . I come to America for study . I be try to study new culture and language . I be not successful yet , but I be try to be successful . also this be a risk for me because my parent can not afford me to study university in America . the tuition be too high . my parent have to take care of me and my brother . international student can not work off-campus . I could not find any job in-campus . this be a really big challenge for me to study abroad . therefore , I agree with statement . 	CHI
I definitely agree with the statement at hand . in fact , in my opinion , this be the main goal of education itself . Education should give to the student main idea and concept , thing that the student can absorbe , make their own , and use as a basis for further education or even for their choice in life . fact be like evidence in a trial , thing that support the main idea and concept . the student have to read the fact , understand them and , even more important , understand how the fact give an example or an explanation of the main idea . they be very important for the understanding process , but at the end they be notion , they be something specific that we learn at eventually we forget . on the contrary , what really last in our memory be the main idea , the concept and this be the very important thing . the first example that I can cite be history . when we study history we study a large number of fact , date , event , mean that we learn a large amount of notion , that we be most likely go to forget in the future . but all these fact be necessary to understand what happen in a specific period and to analyze the cause and effect that take place in those year . the fact be the instrument at our disposal to build a broad vision of the period at hand and to have a general idea of the economical or sociological or religious force that interact in that historical moment . even if we eventually forget the specific date or fact , we still keep a concept , an idea of what be happen in the past . moreover I think that it be sometimes even impossible for our mind to store and remember all the notion and information we read . computer database be in fact very good instrument to store and retain information . our mind , on the contrary , have the wonderful ability of elaborate information , put them together and draw conclusion , in form of main idea and concept . again , we see what be really important : idea and concept . in conclusion I definitely agree with the statement at hand as I demonstrate with the example I give . 	ITA
I do not agree with the statement that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . the reason be specialize study in one subject provide an indepth understanding of the subject . it be critical for research and innovation . it also help to make a positive contribution towards societal development . most modern day innovation can be attribute to indepth study and research . for example , the development in telecommunication could not have happen but for the innovation in fibre optic . these development have revolutionize modern communication . distance no long matter . Life have become more easy . in depth study in management be critical in find solution to an ever growing and complex world . so , by pursue indepth study in a specific subject one could contribute meaningfully and effectively to the development of the world . it be easy to dabble in many subject . but serious study be critical for success . no doubt read varied subject help broaden one ' S thinking . but , one could gather basic knowledge and information about other subject without much effort . in this age of information and technological revolution one can have easy access to information . further , we do not live in isolation in a society . so social exchange and interaction would help build our information and knowledge base on other subject . the modern world be drive by technology and science . in this modern world one could contribute more meaninfully if one be focus and do an indepth study . even a social scientist need to do more indepth study to contribute meaningfully . 	TEL
I agree with the statement that ` ` most advertisment product seem much good than they really be ' ' . for two main reason , first the main goal of advertisent be to sell and the seller would try to show their product the good they can . on the other hand advertisement campains can make the consumer think that own the product can make them fall or be a certain way . as say in th introduction the main goal of advertisment be to sell , and make the likeable and atractive to the consumer . these may result in distortioning the real product , for example food product , to be able to transmit a flavor , which be a sensation , on visual image , the advertiser need to over show all the visual characteristis of a the product , this may result on a distortion of the real size and aparence of a food product . as a second argument the advertisement can make consumer understand that by adquiring the product they can fall or be a certain way , for example woman shampoo campains always show a prototipe of woman ' S hair . the consumer may asume that the type of hair that the person on the advertisment have would be the same as that she would adquire if she use the product . that do not necesarily mean that the product seem much good than it be , just that the consumer be make assumption over the product but this be a direct consecuence of the advertisment . the wish of the producer to sell their product to te consumer may end up on a distortioning on the product by make them seem much better that they be , basicaly because of assumption of the consumer be draw to by the visual image of the advertisment . 	SPA
I think that almost every advertisment make the product it support good than it actually be . there be three main reason for this opinion . firstly the main use of advertisment be to sell the product . the second reason be that if for example contract be advertised there be mostly print or show on screen little paragraph with the flaw of the contract . the last reason be that everything have not only merrits but also flaw , which be typically not display . in order to sell product the producer have to display it in a good light , because otherwise similar product from other company will be buy . this situation make a good exposure of a product than it actuallt be very likely . an example might be cream that should improve the look of human skin . study prove that they show no effect , but in contrary even sometimes hamrs the skin . if this would be tell in an advertisment nobody would buy the cream . a good example for the second reason be contract of phone company . they often announce some but not all of the cost a special contract may produce . because of legal statement they have to write these flaw on the advertisment but they do this in very small letter . so if you do n't look carefully you might get the impression of a much cheap product . in advertisment flaw of product be never tell , expect there be special right as with the phone contract . but everything have side that be good or bad especially if compare to other similar product . advertisment do not speak about these thing where other comparable product can prove good result . so they always hide some side of the product . To show this hidden characterisitcs almost every product be test by independent magazine or something alike . for exaample computer magazine that test hardware and software . so you can not rely on advertisment . 	GER
first you have to get an idea about community help . which job count . the tipically idea be help the Red Cross or other refundable organisation . in my oppinion every activity which help people to have a good day or some nice moment count . for example help at a sport event or babysitt the kid of your neighbor , be also a good thing . with this you help your neighbohrs to have some time off and enjoy there own interest . nowadays many young people have a lot of different hobby . so they be involve in other thing and do not want to cut their spearetime down . they be not so motivate like some year ago . you can see this by different organisation , they lake for student to help them . a other point be the money . it be not sure that they earn some money for their help , but money get so important for young people . why should they help other people and offer their time and get nothing than a smile ? these thing do not count so much . I be pretty sure most young people would have the time to help but they be not interessed . you could get back so much , if you help other . if the parent would help in the community by themself it would be a motivation for some child to do it too . mostly I agree with the statement , but there be still some individual outside , which do there best . they offer their time and be not interested in money . I know some people who tryed to get money to help child . so that they have the possibility to buy toy . I baysitted at various event , so that the parent could enjoy their time and have not to worry about their chil 	GER
many people like to take the shortcut to complete their goal . it be true that it be easy to work on task with numerous strategy that be already discover . however , I strongly believe that the real successful people try new thing and take as much risk as they need . To begin with , although money be not always the good material to measure one ' S success , most of the billionaire start something on their own for the first time . Bill Gates create Microsoft program for people ' S efficiency in use computer at affordable cost before anybody else think of it . To pursue that business , he have to drop out of Harvard University and concentrate only on his new business . it must have be a hard choice to do so , since Harvard be an extremely competitive school to get into . now Bill Gates be one of the rich man in the world . my own father be another good example for the same situation . bear to a poor family , he enter a hardest medical school in my hometown in South Korea with his own effort . however , he change his major to engineering , give up his easy way to success by stay in the medical school . after study in the engineering school , he pioneer biomedical engineering and become the first doctor of biomedical engineering in Korea by found the subject in his college . if he have not do this , he be sure to be a medical person , but not the first biomedical engineer in nation . I myself already take one big risk in order to be successful - come to America . I could continue my education in the insstitutions of high level in my native country , as a selected student in science in previous year . yet , I have a strong desire to try new thing with the cost of risk what might seem to be important in certain moment , and still do . of course there be many obstacle I need to overcome , but I believe it will be pay of if I try hard enough just like Bill Gates and my dad do in their youth . 	KOR
my opinion be very simple . . . i think that be true , young people do n't give enough time to help their community . but i think that they be n't totaly guilty of this . in many case the action of a person bear to the contest when they spend their life . . . family , school , frieds and tv and all of the thing that a person do in the first part of his life will influence his personality . the gift that a young people take to his life coach , be deeply wrong . it ' S true that people do n't help enough their community , but be early true that at the moment there be n't good example to follow and so will become everybody good person . I know that there be many person that be more intersting to help everyone , but for me this person be early a small number . I'am very intersting for this theme . . . really ! ! ! at the moment , in fact , i work on a call center that help some student of my country that have family problem and thei do n't have the possibility to explain their problem to anyone . . . for this reason i think that be very , very , very important tell to all the people to do the right thing and begin to help the people that be around we . and the good way be begin to is't the first of all 	ITA
To my mind , it be not possible to generally say whether young or old people enjoy life more ; I think one can enjoy life at any age , it depend on the age in which way one enjoy it . be young as well as be old have both negative and positive aspect . of course young people have the great advantage of be physically more able than old people , this way they have more possibility to enjoy life by play sport . but usually , they do not have much time to realize that since they be busy with school or job . old people , when they be already retire , have a lot of time to do all those thing they have not have time for yet , for example reading literature or even begin study , as for example an old teacher of mine who start study philosophy after he leave school . because of their many experience , it be also easy for old people to deal with problem while young people be often discourage and feel insecure about the future . old people already live through many thing , they do not have to worry about find a job or a partner any more . while young people often have problem with their family , old people already have their own and can spend nice time with them . the great problem of be old be certainly the many illness . it be much more dangerous for old people to walk outside if it be cold , they might get pneumonia while young people remain healthy and could slip on the ice and brake a leg while their grandchild be able to fall without hurt themselves . in addition , it be very sad to be old when one ' S friend , or one ' S partner , become old , too , and die one by one . my grandfather become @card@ year old and have not have friend for the last ten year of his life , which seem incredible to me . finally , a young person still have all his life before him ; an old one expect the death to come soon . both can be positive or negative , it depend on the specific person ' S situation . on the whole , I think it be possible to enjoy one ' s life at any age , it just matter what one make out of it . 	GER
some people believe that be the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide but I disagree with sentence . first , if we should n't travel with tour guide , we can sight see any where for example , in the past year I go to Japan with my freinds without tour guide . I think it be not at all also we could arrive to the japan well and go on a shopping , take the picture with native people . ect . in this travel , we get along with my freinds . second , we can be know to travel place history . by without a tour guide , we can study about the travel place history . Nowdays , accord the international social develop , we can see many Japan ' S informationg and history . such as read a tour guide book and the Internet web surffing . in this reason , I think I like the good way to travel be in a group without tour guide leader . 	KOR
I agree with have broad knowledge of many academic subject than specialinzing in one specific subject . there be some reason why I think that way . first of all , it be crucial to choose someone ' S future once . because it be too early to decide what to study . the more we experience , the more we can choose . we do n't know what we really want to do yet . because , we could n't have such a enough time to think . most university student be not sure about their future . in my case , I choosed French as my major . and I have work with French . after 2 year , I be confuse if my choice be right or not . I decide to take some English class and talk to professor about my situation . I could think of my problem enoughly after it . lastly , I decide to dounble major English and French . if I do n't take English class , I would n't know what I exactly want to study in the university because I would n't even know I like to study English . secondly , sometimes people do n't have many knowledge out of their major . and this can make boring person . now day , society want people who have many interest and talent . and we can learn those information from other activity such as other academic subject . from those study , we can explore other major . for instance , there be leisure sport Deparment in my university . many of my friend be interested in jazz danses and physical exercise like body building . even though their major be not leisure sport , they take those class and have a lot of fun . from those subject , not only could they enjoy their campus life but also could make great memory and experience . until graduate from highschool , we could n't choose what I want to study , and we have right to choose many subject and to get interesting information from outside of our major . this can be very helpful in our campus life . 	KOR
To try to give an answer to this important question i would say that i do n't really agree . in my mind we have to keep fact in mind to improve and to understand concept . for instance , when we make some mistake we always could and should learn about it . that ' S why i think that some fact be really importants . concern Nasism , we ca n't ignore that it have exist and this because people make some great mistake . they choose to put confidence in a leader which be a dictator and it end in a war that we could have avoid . now that we know how that kind of ideology can be , we be aware that we better have to choose quietlier . but learn about some other fact be not always as important as it be in this case . some fact be useless if we consider course as philosophy . some act influence our life and our behaviour but some other be nothing interesting to developp conscience and awareness . but when we study this other point it raise another issue which be directly link to my first opinion : we have to learn fact to learn in general . How ? because everth that seem to mean nothing to you be mean more than you believe . Nevertherless we can understand lot of thing without have learn everything about the subject . we can know world war two without be bear and have live during this war . you learn that there be million people who die for your freedom but even if you do n't feel what be be to be affraid of bomb you can understand what it be like . so to conclude i would like to underline that it do n't matter with the way we improve thing . the most important be to be interest when you try to learn something to someone and to be curious when it be you that be learn . we learn from everything but not only from fact . 	FRE
nowadays it ' S very important to have a good academic formation to get an interesting job and realize yourself , but this should be reach in two way : a broad knowledge and a specific knowledge . I ' m Italian , so I ' m influence by the Italian typical school system base on a big knowledge of many subject . in fact when I be at school I study a lot of subject , include Latin and ancient Greek , and when I be at the university I take twentyfive exames on different aspect of economics . I think that it ' S important to have a broad knowledge of many subject because today when you work you need to be more flessible than before ; a lot of thing be change and it ' S quite different from the beginning of the twentieth century when Ford teorized the ` ` work specialization ' ' . but , probably in some case it should be different ; for example an ingeneer need to know a lot of thing in a specific subject and he must specialize in a specific construction sector , and , I think , it ' s similar for medicians . on the other hand , my preparation be general because I would become a manager , and it ' s konw that a manager must be resolve a lot of different problem in different way , you may use your ability to find new solution to the problem . for example , if you have a problem sell a product because the market do n't like it , you have two choises : the first be to retire the product from the market and second one , which be more creative , be to find a good marketing solution to make the product ` ` pull ' ' by the market . in conclusion , I think that you must choos your formation depend on your interest and your future job . 	ITA
the issue of whether one should have broad knowledge of many subject or one should specialize in one specific subject have arouse heated debate in the modern era . advocate for the broad knowledge concept say that this approach will help in widen the outlook of the person . Contary to this approcah , some people say that this be the world of specialization and it be very important to be a master in one subject to be successful in life . I personally feel that there should be a balance between the two approches . I would present the pro and con of each of the approach and then illustrate why I emphasize on the balanced approach . in today ' s dynamic world , it be imperative for a person to have a broad knowledge of various academic subject . this will not only help to acquire a broad perspective but also increase the efficiency in decision make of a person . say for example a marketing manager of a fast move Consumer Goods company deicdes to launch a promotional campaign for a product . the knowledge about the financial issue relate to the campaign can be really helpful in the decision making . if he do not have knowlege about finance then he can make an expensive plan which can be finally reject due to the financial constraint of the company . knowledge about other subject such as finance , strategy and human behaviour can help the manager in make good informed decision . this example clearly show the importance of have broad knowledge of many academic subject . on the other hand , there be no denial to the fact that this be a highly competitive world . the most prominent successful people today be the one who be specialist in their respective field . a very obvious example be the successful doctor . not only these doctor have to specialize in field such as dentistry , pathology etc. but also they have to acquire high post graduate degree in the specialist field . very few people today would prefer go to a general doctor for their medical problem . I would support a balanced approach as I feel this can make a person a balanced individual who have enough broad perspective to make effective decision and be specialist in his own field . if the marketing manager in the above example be a person with broad knowledge about many academic subject then he might find it difficult to devise a marketing strategy , which need core and in depth study about market related policy . similarly if he be just a typical marketing specialist , he may ignore other vital information relate to different subject and end up give a poor solution . if he take a balanced approach where he be a specialist in his area but also know about other subject , he will make good decision and will succeed in life . 	HIN
in my opinion in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today ; although this statement can sound totally unaware of the fact that car ' possessor be quickly grow all over the world , I will now explain the reason for my idea . car ' price have be decrease slightly in the past few decade : originally bear as a super-luxury status symbol back in the end of the nineteenth century , we can therefore clearly state that today car be a commodity affordable by almost anyone in any industrialized country . however , this apparently good change of the situation , have lead to two extremely negative effect : the abrupt rise in oil price , and a tremendous impact on the planet ' S environment . Firts thing first , since car be produce and sell even in big , heavily populate country like China and India ( together comprehend more than one third of the world population altogether ) , market where once they be unavalible to almost the totality of people , their demand quantity have rise to the sky , and so the fuel price : petroleum extract site be use in a more and more savage way , but the lack of offer of this fundamental mineral cause , accord to a very well know economic law , an increase in its price . as of today , even extract site place very far from any valuable market , or very expensive to use , have be approach by excracting company ( e.g. in Alaska , in the North Sea , through oceanic platform . . . ) after the traditional site ' shortage . it be my opinion that the oil price , unfortunately , rise more and more , to the point where car will be once again an item affordable by , and only by , very rich people , therefore decrease significantly their number . the only solution to this inevitable economic disaster would be to find some alternative energy font ; however , research in that field have be grow slowly in the last year , thus our energetic future be not look bright at all . besides , how not to mention the fact that since car ' use spread around every continent ( and it ' s gonna be bad and bad in the short period ) pollution ' S effect on global environment have icreased so much ? car be not what you might call an ecological way of transportation : have more and more of them drinving around all over the world might even lead to the bad solution . some scientist , in fact , even come to think that , if their number be still go to increase over the year , world governmentscould even ban them from use , so to prevent the enivronment , that however , by that day will probably be seriously compromise . To summarize , I think that car ' number will grow in the short period , until it will be too much to afford them ( in economical and ecological mean ) : since that moment on I believe there will be few and few of them , even less than today . 	ITA
the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community be may right , but in my opinion it could be say not only for young people and not only nowadays . I think the time after childhood and befor adulthood have be a difficult time eversince . teenager have enough to do help themselfe , so they be may even the only agegroup who should not be blame for be a bit selfish . but even after you reach your twenty succesful , there be a high number of realy ignorrant and selfish people . it go on during every ageclass . it be easy to blame the young one , but even most middel-age and old people be look away if something uncomfortable happen . anyway , this do not mean , that the statement , that young people nowadays do not care enough , be wrong . if there be too many people in every ageclass who do not spend enough time to help their community , the young one be includet . but in my opinion , most time , they be at least the most helpful orientate group , at least after they maneged their teenage . just because there be more often more open minded young people than old one . Wich bring us to the word ` ` nowadays ' ' . it be may likely that in pass time the family bond be strong , so there be more help during most family for each other . but the community do not mean only the people we love , but also people who be may totaly different , with opinion we do n't share , with behavior we do n't understand . but to help the community mean even to help them , if help be need . To help some stranger on the street be way more uncommon in past time but today . and even if most of the charity organisation have mostly old member and helper , it do n't mean that the young generation do n't care . most time the young people be thoses who want to change something . I totaly agree that there be not enough people who spend enough time to help their community , but at the end you ca n't blame it only to the young one nowadays . it be and be a general problem . 	GER
the advertisement that be in the television and in the store be not reliable because they always lie and they always try to fool us in an indirect way . the company that produce those product do this to convince us that the product be worth every penny you pay for it . in this respect , when we buy the product , we discover that the information of the advertisement may have be about another product because we find the product totally different from what have be describe in the advertisement . in addition to that , some company exaggerate the description of the product by say that it have super charecteristics and ability , but the truth be different . the truth of the product be exaggerate to make people buy it and so the company make alot of profit at the expense of the people ' s own money 	ARA
Nowaday , ours family be go to small than what we have before . a hundred of year before we have a huge family . it contain more than 6 people in it . each member have their onw duty for big family . they work together for communitiy - familiy . however , we only have 3 or 4 member in one familiy . I agree with . I agree tha young people nowadays do not give enough time to help theur communitiy they be not learn by old people that what they can do for communuty . they be so busy now . first of all , young people ca n't find old people to teach them what Thay can do for community . I beliave house-teaching , help their commununity , be very important to young people . old people usually teach them to young people . Nowaday , we be live seperate with old people . young people do not have chance to learne what they should do . Nextly , they be too busy to help their commonity . they be have very busy day , even do not have a time for take rest . after school do , extra educate insitidutions be wait them , they be stay at the educate insititutons most of day time . for example , my young sister who only age @card@ , she have 2 extra study after school do and come bace aroung @card@ . she does't even have a chance to envolve in her community . in conclusion , i agree whth young people have 	KOR
I agree only partially with the statement that broad knowledge in many academic subject be good than to specialize on one specific subject . in my opinion it be not enough to have a vast knowledge in one subject . people tend to be narrow-minded if they do not know about any subject but their specific one . a mathematic for example can make up a theoretic statistic about the spread of a disease for example but he will have to conclude certain irregularity to show the real process . furthermore , a certain amount of basic knowledge be important to everyone to participate in daily discussion or to build up a political attitude for instance . and every employer expect basic knowledge from his potential employee . for example about the current political and economic situation . therefore it be definetly important to be familiar with more than one single topic . nevertheless , it be obvious that student have to concentrate on one academic topic if they want to compete with other in a job . they have to know as much as possible about this one specific subject and they have to pay attention to learn about the new change and innovation in this subject . and apart from the competitiveness it some situation it could also be very dangerous if someone have only broad knowledge of a subject . a doctor with broad knowledge of medicine for example be the bad imaginable danger . apart from that the whole service sector be base on the fact that people know about one single topic in detail while other know about another . nobody can learn enough about every subject for professional would be superfluent . To draw a conclusion , student should specialize on one specific subject and apart from that they should learn as much as possible about other subject . Everybody should use his talent to the great extention . 	GER
yes , i agree to the statement . we need to keep broad knowladge on all academic subject when compare to specific subject . Becouse in plimanary studys each one of the subject be inter link with other subject . mean get some knolwdage on each and every revelent subject be good for basic of studys . vains be connect to each and every part of the body and supplys blood to function in good health . if a person be suffer form internal pain from a body , the patceient be to carry to hospital and checkep by the doctor and identify some deficts . plane to do opperation each and every doctor should have some knowladge on all part of human body naither than that doctor can not make operation with out have knowladge in relivent part . suddenally the doctor be have good knowladge in vains for example , a general doctor can not read about one topic be one specific subject . in human body each and every part be relate with another part , so the person who study doctor to need all relevent subject of human body to be a successful doctor . where as in mathemetical caliculations to caliculate the estimated cost of project , need addition , ubstraction , muliplication & division . then only the final result will be appear . so some of the case there should be good knowladge in relivent subject and same as we can improve the communication and good relitaion ship between among people . we need to have knowladge in all aspect , then only we can servive in the society . have good knowladge all aparts be good . each and every genious be to have waste experan so we use to have broad knowledge on academic subject be good off specific subject 	TEL
currently , the issue ` ` young people enjoy life more than old people do ' ' be debate by numerous educationalisties and scientist . in my personal point of view , I prefer Yong people enjoy life more than old people do . in this essay , I will explain personal point which base on previous example as well as specific reason . firstly , Yong people spend much more time than old peole in entertainment aspect , such as TV , computer game and sport . in one hand , Yong peole be the major resouces of world entertainment industry . old peole trend to stay in theri world , do theri personal hobby which not prefer to communcate with each other . in the other hand , old people do n't have enough energy for enjoy life due to theri age . however , the situation of young people be totally different , the have enough energy for play outside and enjoy theri life . they trend to play each other and communication . secondly , Yong people be much easy to accept fashion thing than old peopele which be the base of enjoy life . for example , Young people like play outdoor with skateboard which be the new fashion sport in the world . old people can not accept this kind of sport due to security . therefore , old people would not access this area of sport for enjoy theri life . the attitude on new thing be the majoy problem . so , old people trend to take simple and easy traditonal game in theri life . in addition , most of old people prefer stay at home rather than play outdoors . however , Yong peole choose outdoor activity as theri favourite . in current tome , outdoor activity be the main entertainment in the world . thus , numerous old pelople who trend to stay at home with out outdoor activite will lose theri chance for enjoy theri life significantly . in conclusion , Yong people like different type of entertainment and also accept more fashion thing than old people . as a result of these situation , Yong peole enjoy more life than old peole . 	CHI
first of all I would like to state that there can never be give ` enough ' time to help the local community . yet , by draw comparison between different community all over the world I would like to present my home community in order to illustrate the youth ' commitment to their community . for my work definition I see ` help community ' as a willing and unpaid commitment in the local affair . there be a huge amount of youth group cover all age and interest which meet once a week in order to pursue their common interest and aim . there be a range from choir to play group to sport club . by come together they foster the community , some arrange public event like summer party where everybody can take part and the profit be be donate to local institution . additionally , many youth willingly become member of e.g. fireman to be able to safe their family and neighbour when require . weekly meeting and training prepare them for this task . moreover there be many who decide to be a social worker at least part-time , some even full-time for a whole year . they can work wherever they desire . either they help in old people ' home by take them for a walk , do their shopping or simply spend time with them . other decide to work with disabled people . help them to manage their daily life . some other prefer to work with young child who have problem at home or at school etc . there be a variety of possibility where they can and do spend their time in order to improve the condition . another possibility to get engage in the community ' S affair be to get engage in the local politics . thus , young people ' S idea and suggestion can improve the community . for example I have just run a youth ' campaign which inform the citizen about and collect signature against the bad condition in our local kindergarden . soon we achieve the necessary pressure to achieve our demand . 	GER
Befor three year , i meet with my frind who finish his university befror one month in that time and he be very sad because he do n't find a job in any company . when i aske him about the reason for that and he have get an exellent mark , he answerd that all comany want diffrent of skill in the emploee who will work with them . it be good to have broad knowledge to get a good job , big salery and high postion in any comany . if you have diffrent major in you education or several of knowledge you ' ll have a big chanse to get agood job . for example , if you have engneering major withe some course in coputer , you ' ll get job faster then if you have just an engneering . also , you ' ll work in a diffrent department and that wiil make your job more exciting . it ' S not hard to get a job , but to have a good salery be the hard thing . To improve your skill snd to get a nice salery you should diffrent then the outher eployee . Alot of people try to get one major in teir education and ther want to work , if you want to be diffrent then the outher you have to get5 broud of knowledge . not every one can be a manager or importent one in his company . the manger have a special proparties then the outher , more education and strong behavior . we can get the diffrent education by have broad of knowledge . if you study difrrent major with diffrent of people you ' ll get the strong behavior . in cnclusion , you can be an Importent man with big salery in an exellent job if you have broad of knowledge and diffrent of education . my frivs also have knowen that . 	ARA
I agree the opinion . it ' S because I have really experience such case . I love a model of the fashion magagine . besides , if she wear something cloth , it encourage me to buy the same one , only by see the shot . however , actually when I visit the shop of the cloth , it do n't suit me at all . some of my friend say to me that they have experience such as me . therefore , like this , it be common for advertisement to seem much good than they really be . we can say in other occasion . like my experience , people be easily make to want product that popular and famous people for example , artist , model , actor or actoress , use . company use this method . therefore , today , we can see advertisement in many case . these be commercial in television or radio , on newspaper or magagines and finally even in train or bus . take an example on online shopping on TV . the buyer show us his/her pleasure after use the product on the screen . or , the clerk or famous actor appear on the screen , then they insist that the product be good . then , people that see the TV program make their mind into buy the product . until we touch the product directly , we do n't know whether the comment on the screen be true or not . besides , the clerk emphasize that the product be cheap , or with some present only now . it be the way of show good by the clerk . so , the more effectivelly they introduce the product , the more people want to buy it . therefore , I agree with the statement . 	JPN
the density of car in the world be increase dramatically each year . as far as I know , there be no reason to think that this tendency be go to change in the next twenty year . specially , if we have in consideration different factor such as : the economic growth of country like China or India that will allow its population to buy more car , the general reduction of car price ( specially due to competition exist betwen American and Asian manufacturer ) or the quality of the existing car ( that will allow its use during a long period ) . finally , we ca n't ignore the fact that more infrastructure be be build all around the world in order to absorve the expect increase of the number of car . Althoug it be true that the number car exist in western markests will increase softly , the BRIC country ( Brazil , Russia , India and China ) be undeveloped market , where the number of car will increase dramatically . on the other hand , price of the car be be reduce because of the tremendous effort do by American and Asian producer in order to lead the world market . All the above support by the effort do by all the government on build new and fast higways . in conclusion , for the above mention reason , the number of car exist in the world will be increase in the next generation , despite environmental an oil problem . it uilt in order to absorve an important increase in the number of car provide good hicars will be safe , more economic and more population 	SPA
it be difficult for me to answer this question , because we must define some concept to answer this question . first of all what be really mean by use the word ` ` nowadays ' ' . compare young people from now and those who have live fifty year ago be not the same as compare them to those who have live a century ago . let me suppose we be compare nowadays young people to those who be young just at the end of the Second World War . for that example it be difficult to answer again for a particular reason that be that the society be not the same at that time . the city be not so crowd , except for a few of them , and then several people use to live in small city . in that kind of town the people be more likely to know each other than in the big city centre . when you live in a small town you can for example help your neighboor with his garden when he be not at home and you be more likely to do that kind of thing just because you know very well . in the city almost nobody know his neighboor . a second thing that have to be clarify be the meaning of ` ` help their community ' ' . Must there be a benefit for every body or just for a single person ? the action that benefit all the community be so easy to do for young people just because they do not care about that at their age . To finish I would like to give a part of my opinion on this suject . I would say that the young people nowadays give less time that their parent use to do in the past , but to my mind this be not due to their selfishness but to the today society ' S selfishness . 	FRE
I absolutely agree whit the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their comunities because they have other worry in life and do not have more time to be involve with their community . nowadays young people have many other worry and do not have time to spend for their community . this problem be that some youngers while be study they have to work in order to pay their study . other youngers have problem with money and as nowadays life be very expensive they have to work so many hour in order to go on with everything . and if we talk about youngers that have already child , it be not viable . for instance , I be @card@ year old and I finish my degree and now I would like to do a postgraduated program overseas in order to improve my professional skill and knowledge . in order to do that now I have to spend most of my time work so many hour so I will be able to carry on with my study . not only I have to worry for my study but for my flat , the bill , the rent . and in a few year I would like to have a child . Eventhough this pitty situation I would really like to have a little of time help my cummunity but since the rythm of life go so fast I think that it be impossible at least at the moment . as life go so fast in my opinion I understand that young people nowadays have so many problem to spend help their community . maybe if the rythm change thing will go well and 	SPA
every people enjoy to do different thing . some of they thing reading be the most enjoy thing on the world but the otherside some of them think hang out with friend be the most enjoy thing ot the world . go outside more , play some game or live life little bit faster than other people do n't make life to more enjoy . go to the disco or play to the computer maybe able to make life enoying for some young people but the same time it cound be very boring for old people . usually old people like to quite place . they enyoj to do reading book or newspaper , gardening or that kind of relax and enjoy work . some time grandparent and grandchild go to vacation at summer time together . usually grandchild go to pool or beach and swim all day or play something with their friend . grandparent usually stay at home or hotel and they spend their time relax . it doens't mean they be not enyoj . it be not just about they like or not like . the other side their body need to be relax . so they choose these way and when they relax they could be happy . when the young people see old people relax or do nothing they think old people be not enyoj life like them . but it be not true . there be a different example . these day teenager spend most of their time on computer , Internet or tv . they sit all they in the same room and they just look some unreal vision on the screen . and old people say that it be boring to spend all their they in fornt of the screen but if you ask the young people it be lot of fun . Everybody like to do different thing . the fact be if you do the thing which you really like your life be enjoy . Doens't matter what the other poeple thing about that or how it be see . the important thing be you like it . 	TUR
travel be one of the good opportunity to get to know the outside world , so I strongly oppose to this statement . I think we can discover new thing more by travel alone or with few friend or family . firstly , we can be flexible with our scedule when we travel ourselves . this mean we can pick place we want to go and arrange the most effective rout . when I go to Spain with my son last month , we pick where we want to go first and organize our rout carefully . we move around use a subway and visit historical site and museum . Whenever we feel like change our plan , we have a cup of coffe and make another plan . for example , after we see Gaudi ' s famous cathedral in Barcerona , my son wantted to visit other architecture of his , so we decide to see other building rather than go to Picaso museum . secondly , we can go where our interest be . in Granada , we visit an old historical town call Albishin . this town be locate on the hill and it seem to be very difficult for tour group to go , as these road be too narrow for large bus to drive and there be many pass to get out of the town . if I be a tour guide , I might lose my customer as these road be like a huge maze . but when I think back our trip , this town be the most exciting and attractive place for us . if we have go to Spain in a group tour , we could not have visit this marvelous historical town . for these reasos , I prefer travel on my own or with few people . we can go where we really want to go and enjoy what we really want to see . the Spain trip with my son become one of the most memorable trip for me . 	JPN
How would you react if an adult tell you that he be more happy when he be a child ? do it mean that become an adult , dissipate happiness and good time ? accord to my own experience , i think that people be get happy when they be child . they just live how there mind guide them trough without think about consequence . firstly , I think that young people be happy than adult because they do not care about anything material . they live their life without think about the consequence . indeed , everything they want to do be possible , so they just have to realise what their heart tell them to do . people be use to say that mankind be lead by money and interest , contrary to child who be only guide trough life by happiness and pleasure . for example a young boy do not care about what his mum be do . but her mum must take care of her baby , and she have to safe ihim and protect him from danger . we can also say that young people be in good heealth that able them to live their life without money problem , job problem and more . . . they spend most of their time play with their friend without be disturbing . accord to my own experience , i can say that being a child be the good period of your life . you do not have to care about anything than just play outside . you be not stress by your destiny and by the world around you . but say that adult do not enjoy their life be wrong but it be a question of priority , yopu hqve less think to count of . 	FRE
I totally agree with that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . I have to specific reason . first reason be that , it attract through people ' S desire and finally , they want a product and it make peole be go to buy them . of course , it ' s most important thing to company as a process of business , they must have need to more profit . so , they should be able to the good to ornate the product in the advertisement . generally , it have many problem because the follow reason . almost all advertisement in TV or magazine and so on , to purpose to introduce a product for consummer , but they take only bright side of that . furthermore , accord to those of ad , every product do n't have any drawback and definitely perfect . however , it ' S not real and that ' S because why many advertisement be problem . the big problem be that many people who be see the advertisement believe it . it make people spend their money to buy them . in my case , when I be see a cell after buy that , I realize it do n't need to me bet it in this sense , I agree with those of statement . 	KOR
I believe that be very difficult to understand idea and concept and it be simple and fast to learn fact . in my opinion , you can understand a fact without know idea and concept about it but you ca n't understand idea if there be not fact and practical example that support the idea ! it be difficult to understand idea because they be make by other people with concept and way of think different from yours . and also , people have different idea on different argument , so be not possible to explain or to describe something in one way or in one idea , everyone can have various and different idea . idea can often be manipulate by people who want their idea to be dominant . a fact , to the contrary , ca n't be change , it be the same for everybody and his evidence prove that it can not be change . a fact can also be funny , scary , interesting . . . it can give an emotional impression which be easy to remember then an idea . if student learn fact , they can make connection between those fact and idea and concept that they already have . on my way of thinking , for example , learn fact be very important while one be study history : when child learn history about Nazism and Holocaust , they ca n't understand the meaning of this word if they do n't know what happen , so , they ca n't understand if they do n't know the fact ! ti could happen also in other subject like biology : concept and idea be mad only after a fact have be observe ! only after know fact it ' S possible to figure out the meaning of the concept . idea have to be support by fact ! the first step and the more efficient way to learn be to know and learn fact . 	ITA
the issue statement state that there will be a decline in the number of car in the next twenty year . I strongly disagree with this statetement . moreover i think that the number of car be use be go to increase in the near future . first reason i would like to give be that the cost of car be go to decrease gradually . if you obsereve the past trend previously it use to be a luxury to possess a car . but now it have become a necessity . also the cost of car when compare to the past rate be very low now . hope that the the same trend continue in some 5 or 6 year even the common man will be able to afford a car . so everybody will be rush to own a car and hence the number will rise exponentially . second thing be that car be think to be more safe when compare to other two wheeler . this feeling be gradually spread in country like india where the two wheeler dominate the road . if this notion become strong present two wheeler owner will replace them with car and again the number of car will increase . third idea be that car can transport many people at a time when campared to bike and scooter . so these bike or scooter owner also will be try to purchase car . also as the price of petroleum product be go to increase people will think of spend money on car and have combine transportation rather than invest on individual tranportation mean such as two-wheelers . last but not the least many people thik that own a car be a kind of prestige issue . in this modern world where people be constantly try to show off it wont be a surprise if more number of car be purchase . hence in the near future more number of car be go to land on the road throughout the world 	TEL
last summer , my wife and I be plan for our vacation , and after we select the place where we want to go , she suggest that it ' S well to travel in a group , and I agree on that , and add that it ' s best to have a group provide by a comprehensive plan for the trip , and a tour guide , since I consider this be the good way to travel , especially if I ' m go to a place that I do n't know . travel have many benefit , the most important of which be knowledge . by travel to a certain contry or island that I don ' t know anything about , I must come back with much information about it , otherwise my trip be useless . the good way to get information about the area which I want to travel to be to go in a group lead by a tour guide , who will explain everything about the place : history , Value , Landmarks , and all the important detail . I find the tour guide very useful in last summer when we ( my wife and me ) go to that Greek Island : Rhode , which be like a museam in which we study the Greek history . the amount of information we gain about that area of the world be so tremendous , and all that be because of that distinguished guide . in addition to the assistance for get the important information obtain from the guide , he be a great help in every other aspect of the travel , like deal with the people in the ` ` strange ' ' place , direct us to the great place that we must visit , and all the other daily life matter that without him , it could form a big issue or problem . finally , I consider the guide an essential element for a succesful trip , and he be indispensible for all the service that he can provide before , during , and even after the trip . 	ARA
I do not agree with this statement . today , technology be advance with a breathtaking pace . new source of energy be be pursue and more efficient way of use resource be be research on continually . the demand for transportation will always remain and people would always like to travel in their own personal space . the most common fuel that be use for run car be petroleum and this fuel will be in great scarcity and its demand will keep on increase as year progress . people have already start switiching to other source such as hybrid car which provide a combination of electricity and fuel on which the car can run . researcher and scientist be continually try to harness the potential of hydrogen ( H ) which if successful , can be easily use to reduce any dependence on other fuel because of its abundance on earth . government of various country be make effort to make the use of public transport such as public bus and train more common . for example , in the United Arab Emirates , a huge project be presently under construction for the metro train . various government be try to relieve the dependence of a commuter on car . but , this do not mean that every single person be go to make use of the train or bus at all time . many people need to travel short or medium distance frequently throughout the day , pertain to their job requirement . there be also people who do not like travel in public or need to travel in control atmosphere because of medical condition . this category of people will always require that some sort of personal transportation be available which be also comfortable . this requirement can only be fulfill be a vehicle such as a car . therefore , car will always be there as a means of transportation and will definitely not decrease in number than what be present today . various new source be be develop and some may also be discover by scientist and researcher . it be only a matter of time that something more efficient than petrol come into picture and replace it . 	HIN
as far as iam live in this planet , i can realize that industry and science be grow rapidly in two way . one be for the benefit of the human being and one on the other hand be towards destroy him . well , talk about the one that be harm us . the increase in number of car nowadays be actually make our life more so complicated and difficult . for example , in Dubai , it need a person to reach his office in the rush hour around two hour ! so the government think seriously about that issue and now be construct a Sub way that can let you reach any place in the city within few minute ! at that time i think so many car will be sell because they be of no use . and i think one of the most crowded city in car be London . and by the @card@ ' S people might get rid of their car and go and buy bicycle . science after @card@ year from now will be rapidly and increasingly progress . and scientist might develope some kind of car that can fly with their own track that they can build over eachother so as to make use of space ! ! their might also be somekinds of motorcycle that be so sophisticated and secured that can alternate the use of car . well , by that time i hope that all country will have develop way so we can travel by the speed of light . so no gas , no pollution , more space and friendly planet . 	ARA
there be no consensus among people as to the arguement that it be good for a group to travel lead by a guide . with an increase number of people claim that it have lot of disadvantage , some people mor e sensible tend to consider the nature that travel with a guide be amazing . and the latter point coincide with mine for my reason below : firstly , we never remain suspicious of the point that traving with a tour guide have an extremely affect on the mood of the memebers of the group . for instance , statistic indicate that @card@ percentage of people who have the experence of travel with a guide will have a good mood . another example , i often travel with my parent and we always travel with a guide . because of the professional knowleges the guide obtain , he can arrange our activity schedule , and we should not worry any thing , what we should do be just watch and engoy the chaming view pass by . so easy be the travel , we never feel tirde because we can focus our mood on the beatuty of view . so the trip become happy and easy without a thinking that where we should to go to , and where be the most famous place because we can obtain totally from the mouth of the guide . it be so cool . and the group member will have more time chating with each other . furthermore , it be no exaggerate to say that travel with a guide have huge influence not just on the mood we have , but on our money as well . for example , without a guide we be likely to buy some thing unuseful but attract at that moment . however if a tour guide accompany with your group , it will not be a matter . once our family go to qingdao which be a charming seashore town with chaming view that the seabirs be sing with sunshine . so we be attract by it . when a man sell some sea food , we accept because at that moment we forget anything but the amazing view . at that time the guide stop us because he think the price of the seafood be too high . with his advice , we be awake . thus , thank to his help . we save lot of many to buy something useful . therefore , travel with guide have lot of benefit that can infulence us fanancially . as we have discuss above , we can safely draw the conclusion that travel with a guide not only can help us obtain a good mood but can save our money as well . therefore , it be highly time that we should raise the public awareness of the significance of the guide , . just in this way can we get a wonderful journey with other group member . 	CHI
in these day , college have many programes to offer for student . each student have different opinion about have broad knowledge of many academic subject thand to specialize in one specific subject . personally , I think to have specialize in one specific subject can much achievment for the goal . Fistly , if you learn many thing academic subject , you can not learn deeply . for instance , when I be high school student , I learn lot of thing during the three year . I could not concentrate one subject because there be too much topic so , I can not find relate each subject . therefore , it do not help me to learn many subject so , I prefer to learn just one subject . it can be more concentrate for me . secondly , in these day , we have specialize person for each division part . when you know broad thing and do not know specific about their subject , you can not do anything in our society . many people do the good their own subject and they be become speciall person who know really well about their own department . if you concentrate just one subject and learn lot of thing , you can help people who want to need to you . however , if you learn lot of subject , you do not get specific lesson from that subject . lastly , we do not have lot of time to learn everything during the life . we have lot of subject aroud us and if you choose one subject you should concentrate that because we do not have much of time to learn just one subject too . for example , I be nusing student so , I always think about care for patient and learn lot of thing for patient . I do not have much of time to learn lot of subject because , I be not perfectly to learn whole one subject . One subject have lot of thing so , I decide learn only one thing . when I all in the nusing , I can improve my care skill . therefore , I will be a good nurse when I will graduate . I think , to concentrated one subject , can be make more specialize their own position . To conclude , there be many subject in our life . Everyone want to learn everth but we can not learn everything because each subject have lot of material . in my opinion , learn to specialize in one specific subject be the good than have broad knowledge of many academic subject because , if you concentrate just one subject , you can be learn lot of thing deeply . 	KOR
people always say that if you want to learn more about a unfamiliar city or place , just stop reading , make a trip there be a definite way to solve this problem . I do agree with this , but should we travel with a group by a tour gaide or just go there by ourselves ? I believe that the attitude that people maintain to this question will be differ . I would rether say that I ' d like to go to a new place on my own . first of all , it be hard to be deny that the goal of our travel be to feel and enjoy different culture , in most part . I would say that I be a boy who like to adventure , because that be more exciting than go with a group . the culture could be see as a representation of a place , and also should be respect . if I get a great amount of knowledge about those culture from the tour guide , that will make me feel disappoint and those knowledge will become tedious and boring to me , the only way that I get to know a kind of new culture be to feel it by myself . in addition , join a group that lead by a tour guide be seem freeless , because our journey be already project by guide and the guide can even try to convince us to by some expensive local craft which can benefit the guide . that will make our trip unacceptable . Forthermore , it be impossible that the travel with a group be cheap . if I go somewhere on my own , I will make a precise project to control my cost and I can even live in my friend ' s home that beside that place I want to visit , which can not only cut down numorous money , but also let my trip have more wondeful feeling and more significant mean . as what I have mention above , I would rather say that I do like to travel a place on my own . 	CHI
I agree to the statement that ' the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ' . the good reason to put forth be of the knowledge the guide have because he have be to the place earlier and know a lot many thing about the place . if I be to plan a trip with my friend the first thing to do would be to hire a guide . many reason can be put forth for choose a guide to help us through the trip , primary reason be his knowledge of local place . if I be to book a hotel I would n't know the pricing and also to get to place , hire a transport could be a big problem . the guide come in handy for he know the most economical place to stay in and also these day we see guide get into contract with local driver to help traveller have the option have their own transport to see the various place of visit . I have recently come across a travel arrangement company that have their own dedicated staff as a guide for help the traveller have a memorable experience . the guide be local to the place have a good knowledge of the local place of visit and would help us get a good feel of the local culture by show us the place that show the true local culture . even there be place of eat where we can see the real taste of the place . these can be only be visit if have a person guide us to these place . often a guide be like a local friend help us in stay at the good hotel at an economlical price , eat the good food , visit the good place . I would like to end the topic by state that the guide be the good person who can make our visit excite and help us out in plan the trip with only a little monetary cost . 	TEL
I ' m totaly agree with the statement because if the product seller make advertisement for their product it will effect of the product ' S sell . for example , in my country some company make cheap product but they advertise it like no one can make this product like us , we be the good . after that , they sell like a million of it . then some people get poision of that product because they use cheap thing . also , in the US , some company give an advertisement to a telvision channel like @card@ time a day . they be make their product in Asia , because there be no handwork in there . so , they can make whatever they ca n't in us . most country do that , even though a person can make his or her product by himself or herself . because they just print where the product make in . however , people know advertisement be a way to intorduce to sell . so , people could decide either buy it or not . if the producters make their advertisement well , everybody will be agree that the product sell very well . a person can recognize that a product be most powerful or harmful . people should get the idea of the advertisement , if they do n't they can feel like ` ` What be that advertisement all about ? ' ' . so the person will be complicate . finally , if producters want to sell too much , they should make them good . also they should n't use cheap thing . sda asd as asd asd as fsdag ntr rngkj uiy h bby ni ulk 	TUR
spending time on a holiday tour be the good way to relax oneself from the stress and pressure of work in such a competitive world . people with lot of time in hand for planning and scheduling tour prefer to travel on their own , but I personally prefer to travel in a group lead by a tour guide . a complete tour pakage reduce my tension of flight confirmation , book of hotel in city not know to me and also the head ache of research about the place that I be go to visit . also , I get a chance to meet many interesting people and make new friend from different walk of life which also make the tour even more exciting and interesting . it take care of my spendings as I can budget my trip well allocate appropriately to shopping and other need and it also save me from get cheated in foreign land . I can visit all the important place of the city and the guide would help as in know about the importance and significance of the place well . in addition , I could be more involve in the group while travel which would help me in communicate to a variety of people and enhance my knowlegde horizon socially as well as give me a chance to learn about different mind . the guide would also personally help in find happening and other interesting place of the city which be not the part of the schedule . it would also help in time management as we have to adhere to the timing schedule by the tour guide . moreover , tour in a group would take take of my personal safety from local resident and their misbehaviour , if any . in conclusion , I would certainly like to travel in a group captain by a tour guide a I dont have to bother about book ticket for travel , stay as well as personal safety . 	HIN
of course , student have to learn fact from teacher and memolize them . however , it be only a first step to proceed their study . they should spend most of time to figure out idea and concept . by do this , they can acquire appication skill . moreover , they can enjoy their study . To begin with , they can get highly develop appication skill if they try to understand matter . you will agree with this idea : person who know the nature of matter can perform well when he work on new problem , rather than person who only memolized surface of the matter . they can applicate their idea if they know the matter deeply . now , it be often say that Japanese lack the appication skill . we be rank in a low position when the research be out . in contrast , country , like US , be rank higly every time . we know the cause of this situation . the education of Japan higly emphasize memolizing . we must take hard entrance examination when we enroll in high school and university . so , although we often memolize the fact , we seldom have opportunity to think the matter deeply . so , student can raise their appication skill by understand the concept itself . second , understand the nature of problem be much more attractive for student . they can get pleasure when they find out the solution or they could understand the concept . therefore , they can continue study with joyful . we want to do what we like rather than dislike . it also help raise their accademic skill . in contrast , in case of learing all thing , they will stop study . for me personally , I do n't like study at all until I enter university . I could not find joy in study because I have to memolize many fact . however , almost all study in university assign us to think by ourselves . now , study be not disconfort . because of the application skill and joyment , I believe student should concentrate on understanding . they can raise their ability and become interested in study more . 	JPN
the life change more confortable and easy to live , and also the price of car decrease . the people prefer to buy and use their own car then to use bus or subway . so , some people can think the car will be more and more in the future , but I disagree that ` ` in the twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today ' ' . first of all , the peple will rethink the pollution , so they will decrease to use the their car . as you know that the car be reson of the pollution , and people use the more and more then pollution also get bad and bad , because of carbon dioxide which be from the car , and other bad gas . so people will decrese to use the car . Secondry , when all people use the car , this thing will make trafic jam problem , so people always live in the road , and they can not do what they want to do on time . so they will prefer other trafic such as bus and subway , because those go faster than the car . thirdly , it will be obvious anyway the people always die even the medical be develop . and the future there be too many people that do not get married and have the baby , so there be just few increase people . hence it be not different from the now . hence , people will not use more the car in the future than rutine . because people always think their enviroment than their confortable . and also they do not want to late all their appointment . as someone say that ` ` Time be the money . ' ' 	KOR
it be common that many people begin to gain knowledge in a variety of way . at the same time the question that if it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject will be bring about . What do you think of the issue ? as far as I be concern , I will agree with the idea that it be good to specialize in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge of many academic subject . in the follow paragraph , I will add some example and detail to support my point of view . in the first place , specialize in one specific subject have advantage in various way , of which , the most significant be that it will save our time and energy . we have to the point out the essencial fact that we do not have enough time to finish every work well , which mean that we can not do good in many academic subject . if we focus on one subject , we be able to spend enough time on that subject . therefore , we will have more chance to be successful in the subject we concentrate on . for instance , if a student whose major be computer science study art to broaden his eyesight , he will not have much time study his major , which will influence his grade and credit . as a result , there will be bad effect on his study . in consequence , we will make good use of our limited time to study , if we concentrate on one subject . in the second place , what be also worth notice be that it will bring benefit to our future job , if we specialize on one specific subject . as we all know , in the future we will find a job which we be interested in . in that case , we should focus on one subject which attract us a lot . then we will find a good job after graduation because of our professional knowledge . for instance , if we study biology , we be able to learn more in the subject , which mean that we can gain the knowledge relate to biology . therefore , when we have the interview , we will have a lot of academic knowledge to be discuss which will leave a good impression to the manager . we will get the job we want easily . admittedly , if we have broad knowledge of many academic subject , we will become knowledgeable . however , if we have knowledge in a variety of aspect and we do not know much about each subject , it will cause bad influence on our future life , which be not good . therefore I tend to hold the opinion that it be good to specialize on one subject which we have lot of interest and we will get benefit from it . To sum up , take into account of what have be discuss above , I can draw the conclusion that specialize in one specific subject be well than have broad knowledge of many academic subject . I wish that there will be an increase number of people who can get benefit from the one subject they specialize in . 	CHI
I believe that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . there be two reason as follow . first of all , most people would agree that the product in the advertisement be present under the good circumstance since the purpose of advertisement be to sell the product . for example , clothing manufacturer and designer put their clothes on good look model which make clothes more attractive . another example can be food advertisement . food be present in the good dish with picture perfect lighten and everything . I remember that I have to return some of the product I buy because they be different from what I have see on the Ads . secondly , advertisement be one of the most powerful way for producer to communnicate and convince people that their product be benefitial to cutomers , therefore , people tend to emphasize the strength of the product rather than show their shortcoming unless they be legally ask to do . for example , when we listen to TV or radio commercial such as cosmetic item , we feel like that item can be solution to all of our skin problem . the ad do not say how time or money consume the product can be . that be , I think , one of the reason that certain product such as cigarette or sleeping pill be require to state the possible side effect . unless the law require , company would not want to show their shortcoming . as I state above , advertisement be use to promote the slaes and communicate with cumstomers and viewer in favor of the product . consequently , I be truly convince that product be well project in advertisement than they be in reality in most case . 	KOR
I agree that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . have more knowledge could broaden one horizon ; serve as a parth to discover one true passion ; gain help with talk to other people and be capable of understand the world around us . firstly , have more know of many academic subject area could broden our horizon because we know different subject in different field . each specific subject have its own uniquness , therefore it would be good to know a bit about each area . secondly , understand more knowledge could serve as a path for people to discover their ` real ' passion . sometimes if we be always ` inside the box ' , it would be hard for us to find other hobby and have the oppurtunity to think whether it be truly their passion or not . when I be in Grade @card@ , I study course in different area , such as Chemistry , Accounting , Physical Education , Business , history etc . I wans't sure of what I want to study in university , and I do n't want to limit my area of study , therefore I decide to broaden my knowledg by take many acdemic subject . however my friend , whom desperately want to become a doctor , take all science course , because she have discover her passion . as a result , I think it would be good to have a broad knowledge of many subject before specialize one , unless you have find something that you really love do . moreover , by understand more subject , it would be easy for people to engage in conversation with new people . Everyone have different background , therefore if you have knowledge from different area , it could be easy to socialize with people whom have different field than you do . a way of know more subject be to read every section of the newspaper such as Businss , World , Entertainment etc . this could help one to know more knowledge and therefore be more talkative when meet new people . since the world change everyday , everyday something new will happen . if we do n't have the basic background towards a certain subject , we will not be able to understand it . moreover , a lot of subject be inter-related , therefore you will need knowledge from other area in order to fully understand the material . for example , business tie with politics , political change could affect the business environment , therefore it be essential for us to have a simple background of politics in order to understand business change around the world . in conclusion , with all the reason state above , I believe that it be good to have broad knowledge of many acadmic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . 	CHI
while a large number of student realize that understand the idea and concept be the basis of a learn process , I tend to believe that learn fact be more important . first , the fact let the student know the implementation and design base on the abstract ieads and concept on the textbook . a student who conduct and manage a software development team may have deep understanding over the area of software design and human resource management than the one who only learn from the book . for example , a designer may have more detailed and deepen comprehension of the internal core thinking , which be the most valuable part in his job , after he finish a design by research and review a lot of book and article include concept propose before . in addition , it make more sense for a student to learn the fact bring by his or her own hand-on experiment . when I be a member in the web development team of our university website , I learn a lot from the practice of install and configure the web server and write code for a web application , which be not fully state on any book in the book store . this make my way more broad and easy to go to achieve expertise on the field of conputer science . lastly , learn fact be a high level that just understand the original idea and concept . the student who know how to put the principle into the daily work may show a strong ability to master not only what to learn but also how to learn , that be to say , they be more likely to become a quick learner , an ability which be call for by many international business company such as Microsoft , Google and IBM . from all the discussion I mention above , we could safely draw a conclusion that learn fact take a more significant position that just understand the idea and concept in the learn process . 	CHI
there be many reason why the number of car in use today will not stop increase in the future . just judge from the way car have become more and more popular and common over the past tweny year it be unlikely to expect a sudden change in that area . another point support that theory certainly be that car have become more affordable for everyone and also very easy accessable for young people . most people in the United States of America posess their first own car bz the age of sixteen . another problem that in my opinion be directly link to the number of car and that we be face today be the problem of obesety in sociey . in most developped country peolpe be get big and big , become more and more lazy and therefore more likely to drive a car . Simplz because it be more convenient . then again , people be also start to be aware of the direct link between car and the effect they have on environmental change . some strongly object to the idea of have a car because they simply can not live withe the thought of destroy the planet out of egoistic purpose . in a television transmission that i happen to watch a few day ago i also hear a discussion about tha earth run out of natural source such as oil . if there be no more oil we will have a huge problem supply our car . although that be not expect to happen anytime soon scientist be try to find alternative by developping more natural and environment friendly way to make an engine work . but I believe that this will take a huge amount of time and not be present to the public in the next year . so , no , i do not believe that there will be less car in @card@ year 	GER
yes i agree with statement . because young people be at stage of the life . so , this people will enjoy alot compare to old people . whereas old people enjoy at that age but not now . but , nowadays young people enjoy more than old people enjoy . reason be : young people be in good health and they be very flexible to any kind of environment . as they be young naturally they be in a position to do any thing like playing , dancing , drinking . whereas old people can do all this thing , no it be not possible . young people wil enjoy with friend go with friend and spendingf time with friend in chating , etc. , roming here and there . enjoy the holiday in othere country with friend , party . where as come to old people they can not move any be because , as they become old there health will not support to move to the other place or the environment doestnot suite there health . they could not enjoy at this age . come to the young people they can adjust anywere , they can do any thing because until there body permit . young people will enjoy alot compare to the old people because there be lot many change in present day compare to previous day . keep present day in view we can say that young peoplle will enjoy many thing . young people will enjoy by attend party and come late night to house or go for a lomg ride , go with friend for picnic . enjoy weekend party with friend or official party etc. enjoy all the taste and enter into each and every corner to taste the thing or to no about the place . if they find a new place they will reach there and they enjoy re they know about thaty place . Hence i conclude that young people will enjoy more than old people by say above reason and with example . 	TEL
the statement of quality of product be a complex and controversial issue . while some people argue that advertisment do n't give the real quality of product , other people think that they know what they buy . so , advertisement can not influence their choice . both perspective be importants , but overall , I desagree with the statement that advertising influence my choice . my point of view be important because we overall know the differents product we use for ourselves . as an example , when you want to buy a car , you use specific information about the type of car you want and do n't follow necessarily advertising provide by any car company . secondly , advertisement be not firstly direct to influence the choice of custommers . it be highly use by company for settle their leadership ( good sell ) . this can be illustrate by the fact that when someone want a specific car , he have the choice between sometimes more than one company . some people can object that , young boy be mostly influence by advertising . this objection can be counter by the fact that they be not responsible for their purchase . when they want something , they ask their parent to buy it for them . and overall , the parent do n't follow thre desire of their child because they know what be important for them or not . while the issue of quality of product must be consider carefully , the fact that we know what we want compoumded with the object of the company to settle at a leadership place produce convince why I desagree whith the follow statemement : ** most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be ** 	FRE
student meet many kind of information in their course or lecture . it can be regard as an information overload on student . the lecture usually include idea , concept and fact which student should learn and use . I assert that student should try to understand idea and concept instead of fact in the lesson in order to be successful . understand of idea and concept rather than fact offer knowledge which be more lasting and provide student with deep and total understanding of topic . first of all , a student have two choice , when he or she be study on a lesson ; memorize the fact which be include in the subject or understand the main concept and idea which be cover in the subject . if he or she prefer memorize to understanding , his or her knowledge will be lose after some day later . because of the reason , cover the idea and concept be more useful and helpful than learn the fact . the other important advantageous of understand idea and concept be deep and total understing of the subject . the idea and concept have more meaning than fact . in other word , they be more valuable in term of the meaning . on the other hand , fact may be just case or specific situation . it be narrow and have generally mean about itself . it seem that idea and concept should take interest than fact by the student . To conclude , it be the student ' preference whether he or she pay more attention on idea and concept in the subject or not . the other choice be memorize fact in the subject . understanding idea and concept be more lasting and provide student with deep and total understanding . after consider the two advantageous of idea and concept , which mention before , they be enough to prove its importance . 	TUR
some people like try new thing and take risk . by contrast , other people always do what they already know well . there be some advantage and disadvantage to both way . however , I believe the say : ` ` no pain , no gain ' ' . try new thing and take risk be worth do . first of all , succes come from innovaton and risk . history show that only brave and creative people have make impact on human life . for instance , Thomas Edison invent light bulb . during his work , he try thounsand kind of material . he do not succeed until he find last one . in fact , he be not sure if he would find the right material all the way throgh . he take more risk than other could bear to . as a result , his courage and perseverance have change our life . secondly , people be scare to try be because they be afraid to fail . nevertheless , failure be the mother of success . even though after all the hard work they may fail , the experience they acquire be valueless . the new gain precious experience will in turn lead them toward to their destiny . this be a common process to success . without try , this process will never happen . thirdly , stay where one be will eventually make him fall behind . in the 21st century , everyone be try to overcome any adversary to achieve their goal . if someone stop progress and do what he already know how to do , he will be leave behind . therefore , take risk and breaknig the mold be the only way to survive in this competitive society . overall , in one ' S success and victory , try new thing and take risk be the two vital factor . as people try to advance , the one who stay the same be determine to be the last one of the race in life . only improvement bring a eternal success to a person . 	CHI
I agree that in twenty year , advancement in convenience of public transport and/or concern for the environment will decrease the number of car in use than there be today . public transportation will prove to be more efficient than own a private car . not only do be save money , but it also save time . use public trasportation will save money in two way . firstly , the expense on fuel would be cut to zero . secondly , one no longer have to spend money in car maintenance . add to that , use public transportation will also save time because there will be less traffic . this be prove especially true in subway . because of these increase of benefit in use public transportation as technology advance , the population who would prefer own a car would dwindle . another reason that the number of car be go to decrease be that there be grow concern for the environment . environmentalist have be active in promote the conservation of nature through medium . they have successfully manage to alert the world about the seriousness of global warming and have also educate society on way to prevent a serious disaster . these same Environamentalists have convince many that preservation of nature be highly urgent . also , they have state that the earth will run dry on fuel in a few year . thus , increase amount of people who abide to such belief will result in the decrease of car usage . in conclusion , because of the effectiveness of public transportation and concern for perserving nature , less and less poeple would be willing to own car . when public transportation save money and time compare to own a personal car and when the earth can be subject to serious catastrophe because of your use of car , could you possibly purchase a car ? 	KOR
if people have to try new thing , in order to become successful , depend on the kind of success of those people . for me it be clear that people have to take risk , in order to achive there goal , if they start a new business . push the own company to success , be not just relate with hard work , but also with the ability to take risk . go new way have many advantage . for instance , the company have less competition . in addition , the costumer ' s be usually open for new idea and product ' S . thus , go new way in combination with hard work , could lead to the desire goal . moreover , one imagine an enterprenuer who be willing to achive success in a businees , just by hard work and an old idea . it be clear tha he will stand against a huge competi on the other hand , if the person be employ , it could be more efficient to just consentrate on the thing which he can do well and what be requiered in his position . in fact , person ' S who consentrate on there ability and push them furthermore , be more likely to become promote then employee who be often try new thing . however , since promotion be the most important thing in an employee life , I disagree with the above mention statment . in addition , people who wa n't to get in power , even in a multinational company , would go well , if they learn the structure of the company well , instead of greating it new . in summ , it could be say that success be for different people different . nevertheless , to be successful , people have to be aware of many aspect . in addition they must have a varity of ability , but for each business there be other rule . 	GER
I firmly believe that exist any man ' s fine hour , and I be not able to say if it come in early or late period of our life . generally I think that a man ' s fine hour come when he work hard for year and year , to finally discover that he be right in his life and so be the thing he have work to , and this discover happen when he finally lie on his battlefield , exhaust , but victorious . Homer say that man become more tired of drinking , dance and make love , than make war : so he would say that man be always in war , and only the dead see the end of it , not because their be bad or barbarian , but because they enjoy to live their life on the edge , to take match every day , to demonstrate they be victorious . I think this be the meaning of ` ` enjoy life ' ' : to take part every day in new competition , go away victoriuos , in the end . now , I ' m not able to say when occours our good hour , it may happen when we ' re old or when we be young , the meaning thing be enjoy this moment . young boy , probably , live their life and do n't think too much at the far future , when they will be old , like De'Medici say in his poem . opposite this argument , we can say that old people have a heavy bag full of cultural notion and experience , and they think much more at the thing they have to do , careing not only to themselves , but to all the people they have around and with have relationship . in ancient time they say : ` ` only the good die young ' ' , but this thinking be strictly join to a pagan vision of the world and life . now be the coulture of the Christian that find its way to rule the world , and we can say that we have not only a heroic youngness , but also a respectable middle or old age : this period of life be not yet rate like the autumn . we can enjoy life in every period of our life at the same matter , it do n't care how much year you carry on . 	ITA
in my opinion in order to have a good understanding of idea , concept must be support by fact . first of all it be impossible to understand an idea without a complete evaluation of the fact that be the base structure of the concept . if you understand an idea without know the fact behind it , then you be only learn a ` ` dogma ' ' . an example of dogmatic understanding be the religious one that ignore fact , because be not look for a deep understanding of thing but only to a solution that will bring to its answer . this be why in religious learning , fact be generally avoid : they do prefer interpretation . second of all , to understand something you need to start learn the fact in order to start a critical analisys . the only way to start this process of understanding be start from the knowledge of fact . in order to understand an idea you must know what be the historycal situation in which this idea be create . I ' ll make an example in order to make my opinion clearer : you ca n't understand the basic idea of comunism or Nazism without know the historycal situation and dynamics that bring to these different political , social and economical totalitarisms . at last , I would say that you do n't really understand anything if you ca n't prove it and explain it with fact . be with an empiric analisys of fact that you can prove what you have understand and why you believe so . every scientist need an experiment to clear his point , otherwise he will seem not credible and his idea not effective . these be the three reason why I believe that there be a strong link and connection between understand an idea and learn the fact relate to the concept . 	ITA
advertisement be the most important item and vehicle of the marketing . therefore the producer desire to have the most attractive one for their product . however this can cause some misunderstanding for the consumer since most of the advertisement show product good than . this essay will state the cheating way of the advertisement and try to find a solution against it . it be obvious that , most of the people have face a problem with one of the producs they purchase , since the advertisement only focus on the positive way of the product . none of the advertisement state the negative approach of the product that they try to market . moreover , owe to the competition , the producer try to not announce the all instruction of the product througth the advertisement since a well inform consumer may change her mind and buy an another one . in addition , due to the improvement in computer technology consumer be be attract by the visional effect by the sector , hence they assume that the product be suitable for them or the product be as good as the advertisement . in conclusion , most advertisement take an unfair position in favor of the product . although the advertisement sector should be improve , this do not mean to have a right to breach the right of the consumer and the other producer that try to compete in the market . because of this situation the competition and consumer board of thw country have to control the advertisement and the consumer must be inform about their legal rigths against the producer . 	TUR
I disagree with the statement that idea and concept be more important than fact for student . actually from my point of view , fact be the same important just as idea and concept . first , without fact , how come the idea and concept ? idea and concept can not be separate from fact . for example , when we learn the concept of force in physic , student need to do experiment to be aware of the fact that there be different kind of force everywhere in the world . the teacher will confuse the student if he or she just draw a simbol and point it to them , then say ` ` look , it be what we call force ' ' . by do this , the teacher be at the rick of be fire . second , student should not just get the idea and the concept but also know the detail fact in order to pass the exam . for example , in a exam of a biological course , student should remember the exact example of animal in order to describe the progress of reproduction . I can not image a person can write down all the material the teacher want without any fact . although there may some exam which allow student to take book with them , remember the exact fact benifits the student pretty much , because ttey can save the time spend on refer to the book . third , student should learn fact in order to find a good job in some case . for example , I major in computer science and it involve a lot of programming . the mathematical concept and idea do help me learn theory of computer . however , it be the time when I try to find a job that I realize that fact such as the parameter of the computer do me a big favor to find a job as a programmer . in conclution , while idea and concept be important in learn , fact be of the same weight to student . 	CHI
very often , people who manage to succeed in life like to discover new thing , new area in which they can try to succeed or master as well , all for the purpose of always aim high . the problem with this approche , be that it involve take many risk , and at the end these people could end up loose evrything , while they could have stick to what they already know . this create the problem of know if it be worth take the risk to try new thing or if instead people should stay with what they already posesse . in my opinion , life be all about take risk , and discover new thing , so that our knowledge do n't stay confine to what we already be good at , but that insted , these limit extand and allow us to learn and to succeed at new thing . for example , if there be n't people willing to try to undertsand the anatomy of the human body , the progress in medecine would not have be so advanced as it be today . this show that even if there be risk involve with gain knowledge and master an area , it be still something that have to be do in order to evolve . however , there be some time when people who take risk end up regret it , wether because they do n't succeed in the other thing they try to learn and lose what they already possess , or because they do n't like what they learn while explore new area . if we take for example a man who own a show company , and he decide to invest his money in a new parfume company , or in another random business that do n't relate to his are of expertise , he may end up lossing money if this business doe n't work well , or he may end up give up because this business be not fit for him . either way , this man would have lose money and this could even affect the business in which he succeed . therefore , take these risk could definitly end up cause these people a lot of harm , if they werent prepare for it . in the end , it be all about beeing lucky and hope for the good , because there be a lot of good thing that can come out of discover new thing , but there be also bad thing . but if i have to choose , i would probably decide to take the risk , because the world would n't be be it be today without our will to discover and to master . 	FRE
parent always say that you have to work very hard at your young age , so as to enjoy your old age . I do n't think that this be a valid deal cause I dont think that I will be able to enjoy more in my old day than when I be young . cause at old age you would like to settle down in a calm village and enjoy the peaceful and pleasant climate rather than live in a crowded city , with lot of thing happen around you and that interest you . at your young age , you will have the energy to go around different place and view some of the beautiful creation in the world . but when you become old , maybe your health will not allow you to do adventure . at your young age , you have many thing to enjoy because of less responsibility and more energy . at young age you can also have a great enjoyment with your romantic life too . enjoy to the high at your young age and also work hard to get settle in the future be my moto of life . normally people think that they will enjoy there life after they be old and they only work . but this can be harmfull if they dont get a chance to enjoy at thier old stage after so many year of hardwork . normally youngster do enjoy a lot by arrange disco party and trip to different location with friend . they get in touch with the late technology and gadget like ipods , mobile phone , game and many more . they do spend a luxurious life . youngster also enjoy sport and have a abilitiy to take part in it . so finally I can say that , young people enjoy more than old people with respect to health , responsibilties , technology and much more . so , I prefer enjoy my young age and get settle in my old age . 	TEL
I agree with this statement . the publicity and advertisement find to convince people in every way about their product also these be false . this be no wrong with the people beacuse the effect of the product can also be dangerous even if the product be paint as the most beatiful exist in the world . this type of advertisement be most important specifically for medicine and cosmetic product that can be cause very important problem . there be so many case of intossications . for example , the dietetic product be more difficult that really help you , but use nice word and false test , they can be convince people to take . also technology product . design and beautiful colour use to distract people on the very important aspect like the processor , hardware , ram ect . . . people be attract by the colour that see and the nice word that listen . stay on the people ' S capacity and attention to understand what be true and right that can only help them . for money all people may say and do wrong and false thing . another reason for this comportament be the success much legated with money . we be so many conditionins about the advertisement and this be so wrong . we must learn to read the ticket on the product and certify that all the thing writ be right , ask and do some research , and we must research the way to conviced people do n't buyed if they be not sure . 	ITA
I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . the phenomenon appear in a lot of different category , but one of the most import one be business . success be often relate with money , which mean , that a well know company would take more risk than a small family business . that be not completly true since one have to remember that the opportunity of a big company be much high becuase they have the financial resource . but if one compare a successful company with an unsuccesful company one will see that the the compay with a high profit be risk more than the other one . for example , Coca Cola be nowadays one of the most successful company in the world . but it do not start form the beginning as a big company . it start with only one product call Cola . when Coca Cola be establish on the world market the Coca Cola company raise its porfit each year . after that the Coca Cola company take a huge leap of faith a invest in a new produce call Fanta and Sprite . that be very risky because the people might not like the new drink and would not buy them so that the Cocal Cola company would not get back their production cost . but even if they would have lose all the money they invest into the new produvct the Coca Cola company have remaind as a successful company . in general , successful business take more often risk to gain even more porfit rather than unsuccessful buisness because it do not matter to them if they loose . 	GER
there be two reason why the amount of car use by people would be reduce in the future . the first reason be that people would take environment under concideration alot more than they do now . another reason be that economical status may be effect toward the bad in the future . people would appreciate good and healthy environment more in the future because of the fact that it be rapidly change to the worse now . if we look to the earth as a creature it would not be in a good health ; it would be ` ` ill ' ' and it wont take people long time to notice that , and as soon as they do and as soon as this fact shock them back to their sence , they would be act in a more responsible way and will take emmediate actoins to prevent further ilnesses from apearing and that ' S where the reduction of use car must take place . take the global warmig issue for example , it be already capture people attention and drive people to want to do somthing about it . the enviromental status will have large impact on the human sociaty and would most propably change it ' s economical structure . once that be do the idevidual wont be able to have the luxsiery of have his / her own car and there fore will force the reduction of use car onto sociaty . other method of transportation would be even more popular than it be now . for example , public transportation , it would be a must and not an option . not neglicting the fact the they be be use now very often . but be that for the right reason ? perhaps if more people understand that few car would do good for our planet we wont have to wait for twenty more year for people to stop use these harmful machine . 	ARA
I agree with the opinion ; young people enjoy life more than old people do . young people have many relationship with other people from community such as school , company , or Internet society . I believe that to keep be relate with somebody make life more enjoyable , because I can communicate and share the happiness or pleasure with other if I be relate with somebody . of course old people have the relationship with people , but it be much small than younder people have . old people do not go to school , probably retire their job too , therefore young people have large relationship with other . young people be more aggressive , active , and powerful . they can act and do as well as what they want to do . they can go other place whenever they want to go , they can play sport or other activity whatever they cant do . it be hard to move their body for old people . I think many old people enjoy their hobby inside their house or around their house by theirselves , but I do not think that those be real enjoyable thing . my grandfather live by himself since my drandmother be die , and he say he enjoy water his bonsai and walk around his subdivision with his dog , but he do not look happy for real . if I do not have much relationship with people , it would not be so much fun at all . I think people can feel that ` ` I really enjoy do this ! ' ' from their deep part of their heart if they be connect with other people . therefore , I agree with the statement ` ` young people enjoy life more than old people do . ' ' 	JPN
young peple nowadyas do not give enough time help their communites , because they be busy with other thing although these other thing can help society . student can help their society in many diffrent way like when they study and graduate they will take a job to work for their society , also all the party and celebtrating fistival for the nautre and for the annivrsary of the city they be live in in a usefull thing to society . on the other hand alot of young people really help their society in very obvoius way , many student like to visit kid or old people in the hospital and help them , this be a very wonderful job from the student . as I ' m a student I can see that this statments be not true and u can make it general to all student there be some student who be lazy and do not help , although there be student who like to help and have a helpfull and friendly manner . 	ARA
I completely agree with the idea that successful people be those who be more curious than other to do and learn new thing . people that be still and do not feel the need of keep improve their ability and be not ready to change and adapt to different situation and environment will hardly become important . for instance people that think that they can keep live in today ' s world withough successful people in everyday ' S life be those who be innovative , take risk and as soon as they have learn something they be already orient to another thing . capable manager in the field of industry consider research and development as a priority activity and a tremendous key factor in order to make a business successful . Let ' s considere a very typical Italian example , a person that reach in his life a lot of success : Silvio Berlusconi . he start his carrer in the real estate , he be construct and sell residential building , even though this market be successul he invest his first money buy a small television network . year after year this business grow and he manage to buy other network in Italy and in other country as well . it be still not enough . with the money he gain from this business he buy a football team that be completely unknown , ac milan . he become president and in @card@ year of presidency he make it one of the most popular team of the world . but he do not stop even at this point ! he start get interested in politics and in @card@ he become the Italian prime minister . I think that this be one of the good example to understand how curiousity , capability , and inclination to try new thing can make someone very successful . 	ITA
I do NOT AGREE WITH This STATEMENT BECOUSE , no Body Should Success COUSING Fail for SOME Body Els . if Every Body do THE SAME Thing , Then , WHERE be the HUMINATATION . if SOME Body Want TO do SOME Thing Like , MAKING A Company He Should NOT do it By HIM Self for HIM Self , NO , HE WILL NEED SOME body TO HELP HIM for All This THINGS 	ARA
it be a common statement that today young people do not give enought time to hepling their community . although I think it be not always true , and each case should be considerated a part , I agree with this statement for several different reason . nowadays we be live in a world much more competitive than the past one be , furthermore , family be today normally compose only by parent and son and this fact do n't help youg people to develope their sense of comunity . Firts of all , the word where we be live in be get more and more complex : for a young person be more diffucult today to achive his or her goal , to have a successful career ad a good job in order to give safety to his or her new family . this fact imply that today there ' S generally not enought time to spend on take care of someone else , like their community . the second problem be relate to the normal structure of a family . live in a such a small unit does't permit to develope , from chilhood , a sense of comunity and solidariety for other person . if someone be use to live in a family with many brother and sister , and also grandparent , uncle and aunt , he would be maybe more sensitive to the problem of the other . in conclusion , I have to agree with the statement that sais that today yong people do n't spend much time on hepling their community for the reason that I explain before . I ' ve say ` ` I Have to agree ' ' because I think this be not a positive fact , and it give a bad idea about young people , but , with sorry , I have to say that this be the truth . 	ITA
Nowerdays every family seem to have at least one car . and we ca n't live in everywhere not to see car run on streetsm , whereas we can use some alternative transportation such as train , tube and motorbike . many people have start work to work aor school care their hearlth . use car reguraly or use another way to transport , both of them have their advantage . it ' s difficlut to guess in twenty year which will be more likely that there will be few car or not . but if I have to predict our life in twenty year , I would n't say ther would be few car than now . I disagree the idea the test have give me . there be some reason underneath . firstly , have car be one of the popular havits amoung man . after work hard to earn enough money to buy cool car , they show how cool car they have buy drive through city . it might be like thier dream to buy a good car . secondly , Toyota , which be know for the lead company in Japan have be make a big profit , and provide Japan a lot of profit . now we can say it ' s nessesary for our economy in Japan . in short we can see the fact that there will still be lot of demand in twenty year . thirdly , for family I ' ll recomend to go trip by car because it help them feel be clother more than stay at home . on holiday even if they get stick in traffic jam they can have a good conversation . use car be a good enjoyment . in concludion , for those reason above , I disagree with the idea the question give me . of corse on the othe rhand we have to think about our environment more cafefully . 	JPN
some people think that nowadays young people do not help their community as much as they should . I think this statement may be true for some people , but not for many other young people who actually make a great effort to help the community where they live in . it be true that modern society be become more and more individualistic , and this mean that more and more people only care about themselves , disregard the life and potential problem of other people live in their community . this phenomenon be specially affect young people , as they be grow in a society in which the most important value be realted with the personal achievement . the post a person occupy , the salary he or she recieves , the commodity of his or her house , the car , the clothes , and other material thing that a person may own be nowadays far more important than the ethic of a person and his or her behaviour towards other human being and the place he or she inhabit . however , it be not fair to afirm that all young people act in that way . there be many young people that really help their community in many different way . some of them apply for take part as volunteer in program design to help people with different kind of problem that range from disabled people , inmigrant , child who suffer from cancer , old people who live alone , and so on . some of them even travel to remote area in Asia , Africa and South America to enrole in international aid organization that deal with very serious problem affect million of people in those continent , such as natural disaster , war and epidemies among other . sum up , because ot today ' S society , there be some young people who be forget to take care about the other and their community , but there be many other young people who dedicate an important part of their life to help people that be in a difficult situation . in my opinion , everybody should follow their example . 	SPA
although many people tend to avoid try new thing and take risk , I oppose to that attitude because to me it seem to be bore do always the same . on the one hand , if you take risk , there be always the danger to fail . depend on how great the risk be , you may loose nearly everything you possess . admittedly , this be a even hard decision , if you be responsible for a family . I remember a time in my childhood , when my father think of expand his local drug store . certainly it have be a great chance but after severel sleepless night he decide not to take the risk due to his care about his family . in addition , try something new always come together with a lot of hard work . why should you do it , if you can hold your status with a work you know to do well ? in my opininion , you do it , because you will get reward , if you try something new . I find , try out new thing be fun and interesting . in other word , when I try something new , I have the wonderful chance to broaden my horizon . if you never give it a try , you will never experience if there be something you would like well . I , for example , invest all my money during my study to open a small copy shop for co-ed . What I receive back from this little business be not only the money to finance my study , but also the unvaluable experience of apply my theoretical knowledge from university to the real business world . this help me a lot to succeed . in a nutshell , I agree that it be more comfortable to do only the thing you know well . however , risk something improve our experience and provoke innovation , the latter be one of the key factor that thrive our economy . 	GER
I agree with the fact , that if you want to be successful , you have to take risk sometimes . I want to stress that it do depend on the individual ' S situation . for example , if a creative director of an advertising agency have have lot of success with use one certain method in create an ad , it be smart to stick with that method . at some point , as time change , people ' S interest change and the creative director need to consider a differnt method in create an ad . if the director wo n't consider do so , he might lose his client . this be when I would say that it be important to take a risk and do something different with your ad . base on my own experience I have to say that I have more success with take risk at time . for example , I have great passion for the art and therefore , I have take quite a few drawing and painting class in the past . at some point , one of my teacher grade me down on one of my project , because apparently I always use the same method in drawing , and I never try something new . this be when I decide to try pastell paint , instead of the good old charcoal . my teacher be impress by the color composition , which be a change from just black and white drawing . my teacher give me a good grade , not necessarily because the picture be good than my other picture , but rather because of the fact that I be able to deal with something new , such as pastell . try new thing give you exposure to different perspective , which make you a more open person to new thing . if you constantly stick with the same old thing , you show a lack of flexibility . it also show that you can only be successful in the same area . if you try and practice different thing , it give you the opportunity to show more expertise in different area . if you do n't take the risk of try something new , you never know whether you could be more successful or not . 	GER
I totally disagree with this statement because be a general rule that from the fact the idea or concept be get . in fact , for student be more important to know the fact then they can analyze them and prove it , so they can build their own idea or make their concept about . for me be like the practice and the theory . the fact in some measure be how the situation have be develop , the fact help to student to understand more efficient and quickly because the fact can explain them datails about the situation and they can obtain a good idea about what they be study . there be many idea and concept about topic depend on the way the person understand the fact . To explain this opinion , I ' m go to give you an example : the fact that one child have to study be a general idea , but there be many concept around this fact , but the fact always have to know it , as a result of it many idea and concept begin to be develop for example , some people can say that they do n't agree with this fact , but many person agree with the fact that be so important for child to study and they should do it , only in this fact we have two diferents idea , and if we continue analyze the fact we be go to obtain many reason to be agree or disagree with it , but the fact do n't change , it be like the root of the situation or topic . in conclution I think that it be more important for student to understand the fact and then they can understand the idea of the other person and make their own idea about the situation and prove 	SPA
I definitely think that be very good and essential for an individual to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject . by know about many subject one be more comfartable in interact with all kind of people because it will not be difficult to have a healthy conversation as we will not be totally unaware of what the other person be talk to us about . another important reason why we should have knowledge about different subject be that we never know what bad phase in life we might go through . To be able to stay put in all situation and to be able to work our way through all difficult time we should have at least the bare minimal knowledge require in every field . this broaden our horizon to work and not be strand in various situation in life . if we have only specific knowledge about one field it be not always necessary that we may have enough luck in our fate to make it big in that field . To keep that door of opportunity open for us at all time we should have knowledge about a variety of thing in life . let take the example of a simple clerk who have be use to enter datum into a register manually all his life . with the development of science and technology there will come a time in his professional life where his company might install computer to manage the datum . the clerk would now be require to work on this new marvelous invention . if the clerk have always be satisfy throughout his life with his manual labour and would not have update himself in this new technology he would have be blank as the the knowledge of computer and this would in turn lead to him lose his job where someone who be computer savvy might get the job ; but have be update with happen in different field the clerk would find it simple to navigate throught the system in turn make his work easier for himself . this be a very small but ver effective example as to why we should be in touch with thing that be goin on around us . as they say ` little knowledge maybe dangerous ' . keep this in mind i firmly believe and state that it would be in our good interest if we know more thing about other field as well rather than just knowning everything about one . 	HIN
travel in a group and be lead by a tour guide have both advantage and disadvantage and the consideration about whether it be a good way of travel or not depend on many factor . suppose you be a busy work man and you want to spend your vacation or annual leave . you have a week or two and you plan to go somewhere . first of all , most people want comfort in such case and they would want go to the major sightseeings . in such case , organized tour lead by a guide be the good option : the tourist company will arrange everything for you - all you have to do be enjoy . the guide will tell you what most traveler would like to know and you do n't have refer to a book to find out about the sightsee you ' re at . you be free of all the uncertainty and risk involve in travel alone and be responsible for yourself . but travel in a group lead by a tour guide have several restriction and they be even frustrate if you be seek adventure or totally personal experience . I feel it personally when I go to a turkic tombstone in rural Mongolia with a group of tourist . the tombstone be awsome at least for me for I be interested in Turkic history . it have inscription on it and I be badly want to try to read it on my own ( I once spend some time try to learn the old letter ) . but the group have only 2 hour to spend there and I have to leave the tombstone with them too because other member of the group do not share the same interest and the schedule say that we should be at the tourist camp by 4 o'clock . I feel so frustrated that I decide then that I will go there alone sometime afterwards . so this example of mine illustrate the bad point of guide travel - you ' re not free to decide where to go or where to stay for how long . you ca n't actually , if I can put it this way , ` ` taste ' ' the activity and the place because the experience be not all yours : it rather turn out to be a group experience and it do not give you that feeling when you find do something , think about something out , experience something on your own without be distract . personally , therefore , I prefer to travel alone if I have enough time but at the same time , I agree that organized travel can be useful and enjoyable experience if you do not have enough time or if you be not really into the destination of your travel . 	TUR
the statement say that student should importantly understand idea and concept instead of learn them . this be a question that I face myself as a student almost every day . on the one hand it be necessary to understand the theory that lie beneth all fact and all new information , in a way to get a solit knowledge how thing work . on the other hand it be also necessary to just learn new word or relationship . without that base knowledge it be not possible to communicate with other because they do not know what you be talk about . I guess there be no black and white view whether to say that a student should learn everything new just by heart or to understand just the fact . it must be a middleway you have to find to combine this both view . when repitition be the aim then i would say that learn the fact be enough but when it be necessary to find new conclusion and relation between different case then it be a must to understand basicaly what the new information want to tell . nowadays the knowledge be give to everybody through various database like book or the ultimate information base with techonolgy of the Internet . it be just a matter of how to find information and how long you need to access the new information . it be get more and more unimportent to know every fact by heart with help from datum on page like wikipedia online . with that help it be just a matter of a few second to access the right topic and to get any information that be so enormous nobody could keep in mind . To come to a conclusion I wish that in many more field then today already exist student learn the ` ` why ' ' stand behind instead of just pure fact and knowledge they will never need in that particulaly case in the future . 	GER
yes , i thinke that young people enjoy more than old ' S it mauith be troue that old people have fun thefeel of beeing youth be fun some time i feel that i need to play with dol but my eag control me speshiy in front of people i know that im Yong but with limet in the ather hand ican do thing my mother can not do it for example i can use computer there be thing my grandmam can not do it but my mamy can such as cooking be old it a thing we can run from it with year human lose lot of his life but if you think of the thing the old people life with it you will know that every person take what be he must oun of happenass and fun to be fare some day i will get enoght of fun and wish that i will fine fun in my child eye it dosent have to be some thing ido the ony thing i tink will make yanger have more fun that they have more time to try and lot of emty place to fill in thire memory S fun be nice but look for it even nice im out of time but i still try to pass this it hare to look after fun wi 	ARA
One of the main problem of the scholastic system in Italy be the huge program we have for all the subject we have to learn . I can say for my own experience that the most of the information they give us at school be forgive immediately after we study them . I completely agree with the statement , it be more important for student to understand idea . a famous Italian writer once sayd that what we call culture be not what we REMEMBER to have study at school , but the mix of all the experience and of all the idea we have and it do n't matter if we do n't remember some stupid detail about something we study year and year ago . in my opinion a good teacher should try to guide a student throught history ( for example ) not fill his head with date or name of ancient emperor and fact , but just try to passionate that student talk about the difference between our life and life of that time , try to bring the student in a fantastic world with the wand of fantasy . of course we can say the same for the most of the subject , but with some exception like for mathematic or phisic . moreover , we can forget learn fact , even because they could not match with our everyday life so that we could never have the opportunity to recall that fact to our mind but we can be sure that if we have learn the idea of something we ' ll never let it out . it be more important for student to have the taste of thing and this allow to have passion and interest . in conclusion Italian school ( but I ' m pretty convince it be a problem feel in other countryes ) should give value to its student , just the sense of how many thing we do n't know and open the door to infinite world student should explore by theyrselves depend on theyr interest . 	ITA
the idea of whether broading knowledge of many academic subject than specialize and focus in one specific subject have be a matter of debat recently in many country . in my point of view , I believe that broading different many knowledge will give studnt the ability and the basic background to understand the real life to be able to disscuss different subject , argue in many issue , and to improve himself . also , be awaring of many academic subject will give the studnt the ability to go through different field and choose the well major he want to drill in . I believe that spread more than one subject in the academic year especially in the first and second year will allow the student to be aware of what be go around his world . Studnt who be go to study about education , social study , Politics , Arts , and may be Math will be able to understand his country and his socity peroblems and will have more idea than a student who never heared about politics or art and only study for his math major . moreover , student in their first year will never be able to take the right decision for their career life and chossing the major they want to enroll-in as they dont have the enough knowledeg and experiance to chose among all these alternative . for example , in my first year and directly after the high school I have to choose my career and my whole future base on my zero experiance and approximatley zero knowledge , of course if in my country i be able to gain and aquire the basic of more than a knowledge absolutly i be go to chose something else or if i didnt choose something else ; at least i would know that my choice be the right chice for me . To conclude , I strongly recommend and agree with have broad knowaledge of many academic subject before focus in the specific field of knowledge which I believe it will be the good for my future career and which will be helpful for my socity . 	ARA
I agree that be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than just emphasis on one specific subject . student who know more different category of knowledge , they be usually more open-mind , easy to make friend , and have high successful rate after guadrated . in this modern business world , all business can be connect with other category ' business . assume a student be graduate , and look a job in a company . obviously , if the student say he or she have a BA degree on business , Aas degree on Financial , and some club leader ; it be ofter get hire easy than only a Dr. financial degree . this be possible because the high degree the student have , the student would require high wage and more power in the company , but the student can only help the company ' s financial department . however , the other student have some background knowledge of business and financial , so this student could be able to help the company in two department , which this student come more valuable and useful . moreover , the student who have broad knowledge of different subject have more oppoturnity to get a good job , and be able to make more money . the multi-knowledge help people easy to make friend especially if you have some common interest with people . it be a key to make different type of friend around the world . and these friend might be the one who would give you good life in the future , which mean that more the knowledge you have , the more life you get 	CHI
sometimes our parent tell us that , the time have cahanged very much . the youth also have change accord to time . young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community since they have no connection with them . there be some reason for they have no connection . young people have some new interest and habbits . they be addictive to entertainment device , such as tv and computer . they wach what happen in the world in tv and connect all the conutrys people by Internet . this make them not communicate with their communiyies . on the other hand , parent dont give enough information about their custom , what manner to speak or bahave to their communties . this make young people to be less familiar with their custom so they find other thing to be familiar with . furthermore nowadays the young people have to study hard than they have to before . the university exam and high school enterance exam make them consantrate on their lesson and dont let them interest any other thing . so young people cant communicate with their community . the young people be suppose to be help the community . they dont do that since they have no time to be in contact with the community . they have other interest , lot of lesson to study and have no education about their custom . 	TUR
in our study , we often have the choice between learn many academic subject and specialize in one in particular . it can be quite a dillema . in my opinion , specialize , at least in the end of our study , be more interresting . I will explain the advantage and disadvantage of each solution and explicit my feeling . broad knowledge of academic subject be appeal at first . you do n't have to make the choice between the theme you like , and learn from one can improve our understanding of another . for instance , learn the living of specie in biology class can help in ecology class . Swithing between subject often also help on not get bore . on the contrary you do n't have enough time to each class , and that can be really frustrating to learn only basic in the one you enjoy the most . the other choice that be offer to us be specialize . the great thing about it be learn more and more information about a subject you like ( or at least you should like ) and get more and more confident about it . Furtheremore you make less mistake . the major drawback be when you need knowledge ( even basic ) on other academic subject you do n't have them , and probably do n't have the time to learn them , and need to ask for help . this will result in a huge loss of time . an other negative aspect about specialize be that sometimes you be to much concentrate on your subject you ca n't see by yourself the mistake you be do . finally , i prefer to specialize in a topic than to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject . the main reason be that you can be good in a topic only if you practice often , and i do n't mind ask for help if i need knowledge about another subject in order to fullfil my work . moreover , in order to begin in profesional life you need to be good at least one thing . 	FRE
in my view , while one may say that people in general do not give enought time to help their community , I do not think that young people do not help enought . the first reason for my view be simply that I know many young people who care a lot . some of them would help directly their community , by spending time with olders , or take care of adult ' child . some other would even make big thing to help people in the world . for example , I have a friend who leave France last year , to work as a benevol to build a school in a certain country in Africa . the second reason for my view be that we have never see young people care and participate this much before . in the last presidential election in France in @card@ , when Jean-Marie Le Pen , who be know to have racist and seggregated opinion , reach the second phase of the election , the first group who demonstrate in the street to show its reluctance of see such a man become the president be a group of student and some teenager from highschool . I believe this would have never happen before . finally , I think it be important to say that young people do not have always the possibility to show that they care . indeed , young people do not win much money , if any at all . they be at an age where they have to give priority to theirs study , or have just start a job which can be a very difficult period . because of all this reason , I think that even if some people think it be too low , the young people be help community largely enought . To sum up , I believe that while it be sometimes difficult for young people to find the time and the money to help community , they be care enought , specially compare with the past . accord to me , young people more and more understand that they be crucial actor of the community . 	FRE
in my university experience i always appreciate what i learn when i be at the high school . during my high school time in Italy i use to study Latin and ancient Greek . our professor be always explain us how to study these two classical language be give us the capacity to use in a really good way our mind , learn something that be improve our way ` ` to think ' ' . ancient Greek and overall Latin can help you to understand good a specific topic because they be base on a logic structure . Latin be really similar to math and it can permit you to elaborate more sophisticated concept when you know how to use word or sentence in a logic way . my high school be call ` ` classic high school ' ' in opposition with scentific high school . i didnt learn specific and practic argument as math , phisic or geometry but i learn to think . during my university time , at the architectural school in Milan , i find out how much be true my professor ' s statement because i didnt get any problem to study really difficult argument as math , structure , calculation , etc. because my mind be able to process every kind of datum , even if they be different from what i study at the high school . for this reason i think it ' s really important for every student , with every kind of personal background and goal , to understand and to learn how to understand idea and concept instead of just merely learn fact . when you be able to understand an idea or a concept you can approach these thing with a critic view , elaborate them and create a personal view about them , and not just learn fact without understand why they happend , wich reason generate them . for student ' future be the most important thing and understanding idea and concept will give them specific skill to approach every kind of problem in life . 	ITA
I agree with the statment that ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' . people become successful when they achive a goal which be consider to be appreciable by not only their peer but also the society as a whole . consider the stock market for example , one of the lead man in investment banking be Warren Buffet who make his fortune by invest in idea that other be scare to support . eventually he become one of the rich man in the world . ' ' take the beaten path wo n't take you anywhere ' ' be what he say . I have see my father benifiting from invest in a contra fund , i.e. a mutual fund that invest on stock which contradict the market dynamics and trend . so it do pay to go into uncharted teritories . some of the most important discovery of modern time have be electricity and the antibiotic ( like pencilline ) which would n't have take place if people like Faraday and Fleming do n't dare to put their life on the line . thus I would say that the people who dare , do reep the friuts of their success well . famous explorer become successful because they believe in their instinct and sail on for day in search of new and promising land . the most important discovery have be that of the America by the European explorer . and look where America be today , arguably the most powerfull nation in the world . when you be a one in a million you be not recognize , you have to stand out from the crowd and make your own space , create your own niche . and there be many stoires of success where an indivudal attain success when he go out and take some chance . so I do think that the a person willingness to take risk along with a dash of hardwork and dediction will eventually make him successful 	TEL
To answer this question it be important to figure out the reason why young people support their community . mostly the young people join group to have people around to enjoy the time with friend . this can happen in the church community , sport club or just for hang loose . especially activity in church try to teach the young one how important it be to e.g. help people with disabillities . but because of the increase of the medium consumption , especially TV , community activity be be tell to be ` ` uncool ' ' . it be more important to be individual and gain your own popularity . another reason can be that people loose trust in their government . they feel the pressure which last on them if they want to have success in their life . so they try to get the good for their own advance . as well when the people recognise that government member who should serve the public think it be more important to fill their own pocket . this can have the effect that people turn to be more egoistic . especially because of the new information era the people be aware of the selfishness of some government member . as well they be tell about the risk in life every day in the news . I think this constant pressure and the lack of honesty have lead to the point that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . but with the society be aware of that matter , chance ar not bad that a new way of think and act can be teach . so you can see a lot of effort be take from medium and government to emphasize this problem and to point out how important it be to serve the community . Hopefullly this will lead modern society to a turn point where serve be something good an have not to be ` ` uncool ' ' . 	GER
I would like to travel in a group lead by tour guide , because this way make my trip well . actually , there be negative aspect in a group trip . for examle , it reduce my own free time . if I travel in a group , I have to pay attension to other people so even when I want to buy suvenior take a long time , I can not do this . however there be more good aspect in a group trip . last year , I go to Australia in a group . as it be my first trip to go abroad , I feel a little nurvous at the first time but gradually we begin to talk each other and my nurvousness be remove . more , during the trip , I lose my wallet , but people who travel with me look for my wallet together . at that time , I be very move . moreover , a tour guide teach me a lot of thing about Australia . before I travel in Australia , I know few thing about Australia , but thank to a toue guide , I learn a lot of thing about Australia , for instance , the history of Australia and aboliginy . when I be a junior high school student , I read a book whose main locaion be Australlia and the man in the book climb the ululu , so I want to climb there . however a tour guide tell me that ululu be the speciall place for aboliginy and they do not want us to climb . I do not know such a thing . that be why , thank to a trip in a group and tour guid , I have a very good time during my trip , so I agree with the statement that the good way to travel in a group lead by tour guide . 	JPN
the big industry be famous , because generally their product be good than other product of small industry . I think that , the trayectory and the knowledge of the company permit to identify if any product be good than other . for example , I go to supermarket and I buy a unknow oil , because this be more cheap and I do not show big difference between my normal oil and this , but when I use this product I show that I loose my money , becuse this product have a less quality of my habitual oil . therefore , I think to that there be famous companys , but this be not a garanteer for a good product . for example , currently a famous company of toy have problem with its toy , because the toy have a dangerous chemical ; this toy industry be famous around in the world , but this be not complete garanteer for tha quality of the product . I agree with this idea : ` ` most advertisement me \ ake product seem much good than really be ' ' because the market be a war for the consummers . so , the quality of the product be determine for the people , I think that , the especialization in the production of the product help to people know that product be well that other , because if the company only make a special product , the product will be more technique and with less price than before . there be product well than other jus in appareance , but people should say which product be well when they obtain it , because it be good for their option in the market and in the habitual consummer , they have a social function too . 	SPA
the issue of whether nowadays people do not give enough time to help their community be a controversial one . on the one hand , there be some people that spend most of their time thinking how they can help their community . on the other hand , there be some people that really do n't care in help their society . they just think on their own problem and do n't have enough time for other people . however , in the final analysis I therefore agree with the statement that people do not give enough time to help their society . One reason for my belief be that in current business world people do n't have time to help their community . current business world demand a lot of time and at the end of the day people be very tired . for example , five year ago I work for an advertising company . advertising be a very difficult work and in that time of my life I usually spend more than @card@ hour in my office . when I return home at 9 o'clock I be really tire . it be impossible for me to help my community . the only thing I want to do be to go and rest . it be impossible for me to try to help society , I be always tired when I be n't at work . another reason for my belief be that people have become more selfish . people just focus on what it be important for them . they do not care about what happen to other people , they just think on their own problem . Recent research show than less than @card@ % of the people from my hometown have help the community in the last two year . for the reason state above I agree with the statement that nowadays people do not give enough time to help their community . I support my point of view by two main point . first , that current business world demand a lot of people time and second that people have become more selfish . 	SPA
in today world , nearly every product which be offer to consumer , be be market with advertisement . these advertisement introduce the product to its buyer and demand them to buy it . although these advertising be good in term of market and introduce new product , it be also clear that these advertisement could result in wrong , over-rated assumption about the product in question because of three major reason ; the the fact that the advertisement be a marketing technique , the vary expectation of the people and the influence of professional technique to our emotion . firstly , the definition of today ' S advertising be ` ` make people want something ' ' , the introduce part of the advertising be be ignore . for instance ; advertisement be be prepare by marketing department to sell them more and more to make profit , not just to declare that the product be make . the increase number of adverisement-officies and the money in this job also indicate that everything about advertisement be about make more money . because of these factor happiness of the consumer be usually be ignore . secondly , people often expect differrent thing from a product , one may want durability but the other may want more reasonable price , but an advertisement should be prepare for every potential buyer . plus , a negative feature which people may want to know would not be emphesized because of these thinking . this , again , would result in the disappointment of the buyer . the third thing that would make buyer uncomfortable be the fact that advertising be be use for a long time and there have be clear way to make you buy thing . for example , when I see a person who drink or eat something I immediately feel a bit thirsty or hungry because my mind think of an oppurtunity to eat something . this fact will affect me to buy the stuff which be be advertise , but probably I would be disappoint becasue I would have buy the think without thinking . advertising have become a great part of produce and market of new good , every company be use it for nearly every good it produce . it be clear that this thing make people to buy thing , otherwise profit center company would n't use them , but make people buy something directly increase the expectation and therefore , as people expect more from the thing whic they buy , they become more disappointed . 	TUR
I believe that be treue that the young people do not give enough time to help their comunities but this be cause for the society and the parent . I be a young girl and I be totally agree with this statement . in my opinion the youngers be busy in their own thing and don-t worry of the trouble that appear in their own comunity . they and I think that there be people that worry of the thing of the society yet and they will look for some solution . the youngers that have a good life be the less worried because their parent help them and will solve their problem and they don-t think that when they will be adult won-t stay their parent . I know that this position be bad but this be that our parent teach our . some exemples be when we throw some paper at floor and we aren-t be able to take the paper and put in the rubbish . or when somebody paint with a spray on the door . . . this person don-t think when they do that , they do that they like . I wish that the youngers be more careful and that they think before to do anything . they have to know that whole the bad of the society be bad for they . I like that the politics would do more programes for the young people because this would help to envelope on the trouble of the society . and believe that with the help of the whole our own comunity will become to be good ! 	SPA
nowadays , there be a hot topic about whether young people enjoy life more than old people do . some people think that old people have more time to enjoy the life . other may disagree and contend that young people be more energetic and more likely to enjoy the life . if I be face this issue , I will definitely support the latter point . there be numerous reason to support this point and I would only explore some of them and describe as follow : the first and foremost reson to support my point be just as someone say , young people be more energetic than old people . this be essily see in the entertainment field . for example , young people be more concering on the entertainment event like movie , music , entertaining star . they will spend lot of their leisure time talk and watch them . their physical condition also allow them to do so for a long time . you seldom see the old people in a disco bar . in a word , since young people have more power , they be more likely to enjoy the life . the sencond and significant reason for my view be that young people be more creative than old people . it be obvious in teenager . a scientific research show that since young people ' S brain in the formative period , they conuld accept new thing easily . for instance , the Internet be widely use in the recent decade . the user of them be mostly young people . no wonder someone represent young people as the rise sun at about eight or nine o'clock . their creativity enable them to enjoy the life most . in conclusion , it be not hard to find that young people can enjoy life most than any other age people because of their energy and creativity . but we also encourage the old people learn from the young and never give up the life . 	CHI
I agree that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . for example , one of my classmate , Anna Bron be very successful in my Advanced Placement in Art @card@ class by try new thing . Anna Bron be a well know to be a good painter in my school . she say she feel most comfortable with painting and she like to challenge herself by do hard thing . she have be successful by challenge herself . however , what bring her to the most successful stage be challenge herself by do easy thing . there be a project call ` ` Concentration ' ' that all of AP Art12 student have to do . Anna choose to use teabags to symbolize memory of our life . she believe that use teabags have a memory to each people depend on why that person drink that tea , when they drink it , where they drink it . her first idea be to make a canvas out of those teabags and paint on it . as I mention before , she feel most comfortable with paiting . her subject matter be very interesting , but her idea of paint on it bother my art teacher . my teacher suggest her not to paint on it but find a way to make it interesting by use teabag itself . Anna say , ` ` but . . that be go to be too easy . ' ' she think make some art project in easy way will result low quality work . no draw or pain be a big challge for Anna . however , she decide to take my teacher ' s advise . Anna try new thing by make it simple and by use teabag itself . once she tell me that it be so hard to do something so simple and she be not use to it . Later , she find her way to make those teabags seem interesting . she lay out those teabags and make a mobile ; quilt with different kind of teagbags ; and other different experimentation . Anna be now make dress out of her teabags that she collect from people and she be acheiving very high stage as an artist . she be not only recieving a high mark in AP Art @card@ class but also have the opportunity to try new thing . she be successful by experiment new thing . 	KOR
I strongly agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time for help their community . on of the reason be that they do not have time to spend time on those thing . they must spend most of their time on study in order to get good grade and go to well-known university . also young people nowadays be not good at comunicating with other and be hestate to meet new people . it occures as people no longer talk with neibour as much as we do before . there be one example in my community . there be an opportunity visit a house , which be for eldery people to live , in the community . it be an opportunity only for child but there be only two people attend . the reason why rest do n't come be that they be afraid to meet and talk with new people . the other reason be that young people nowadays be not intrested in help community . School do not teach how important it be to help the community and join the activity , they only teach thing that the student need for exam . adult should encourage young people to give more time on help community . 	JPN
in my opinion , it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact because fact make student bore while the idea and concept seem as interesting . first , from the beginning of my education in my school teacher always give me some fact and everytime I ask myself what would I do with them . I think learn fact would not improve student because we can not change these fact we can not deny them or we can not develop them . the reason for this be that they be all about the past . they have already prove and the last thing we can do be admit them and live accord to these fact . on the other hand , bring some idea and understanding concept be very important since you be think and create your own value . second , when make a career , it be necessary to define what be happenning around the world . you can not defend yourself accord the fact but idea or concept . you should make logical comment about global event not only about their obvious feature but also what be hide so that you should understand idea and concept to make sensible sentence . finally , I agree that it be important to understand idea and concept to be creative and sensible . 	TUR
be lead by a tour guide while travel in a group be one of the good way to do , where this seem to make it more special and interesting . a person would get to know more people from the group , which will make the trip feel enjoyable . a tour guide will help in discover alot of new stuff , and will show the tourist so many amazing place , especially if this be their first visit to the country . people usually travel alone to another country and try to explore the good place by themselves , be go to face much difficulty do that since they do n't have any idea of what they be look for , and whether they will like or not . unlike the tour guide , who will save the tourist plenty of time introduce them to all the hot area , one after the other because he know almost every location in the country . moreover , people sometimes pass by alot of old building without even notice their significance and their history too . while , a tour guide will provide the toursists with all the detail and the history of relate to these place . tourist be go to enjoy it more , and they will feel well after be tell what to do and how to react to a certain situation oppose them . a tour guide will help the tourist spend the good time , so they would know what to do and where to go , incase they visit again sometime later . 	ARA
All the people pass in different age of their life , we can find kid , young , adult and old and in each part of life people can enjoy their life , but in each part differ from the other by the enjoy of life , where some people say that young people enjoy life more than old people do so it ' S true to say that . for the young people we can see that they enjoy life more than old because they still young new to explore life , so they have new thing to see and learn in life and to enjoy it they be free to go everywhere they will have many new opportunity to choose their life to make friend to go out party to participate in real life where they can join service group or political group for example they will share the political life they will have their opinion . and they will decide what they want to be in their futur life for example an engineer so they will join the university after they will dream about their futur life , and they will really enjoy life when they will love a person they will dream about make a family . so they will have many thing to enjoy and to share it with other . in the same time the old people enjoy life in many way , when they will remember their own life that pass and the thing what they do they will see their family grow up and especially they will be happy when they will carry their child ' S childrens they will be absolutley enjoy life and the old people will enjoy their life after the retirement they will be free for example to go fishing hunting whatever , in the same time they will have problem but they will still enjoy life with the rest . finally , all the young or old people will enjoy their life in differents way , but we can say that young people enjoy life more than old people do because they have many differents way to enjoy it than old people have . 	ARA
generalization versur specialization . some people prefer specific academic subject than many academic subject . I agree with thhis prefences for several reason . the fist reason be you can be an expert in the matter . the second reason be you can get proffesional develop and get a good job , and the third reason be solve specific problem . the first reason that refer to be a expert in the matter explain the idea to be some person to have the knowledge to get the information and this person can explain and show result . for instance , the people that studie Bachelor degree in Economics , Master degree in Macroeconomics and Phd in Microeconomics coul be get the profile of kind of person to develop some theory about the behavior in the consume and demand respect the National Economy . the second reason refer to the posibility to get profesional develop and access to a better a job . for example , if you have a Phd in Computer Science you can be a candidate for the big company like Microsoft to contract to you . the third reason refer to the idea to solve specific problem . for instance , if you be study some relate with medice maybe you can find the solution to big problem like VIH or Cancer or Diabetis . in conclusion , I agree with the idea to be specialist in some area be well than get just general knowledge and to be an specialist be equal to say an expert in the matter and maybe be an expert in the matter bring to you in the future profesional develop and oportinities to access better job . 	SPA
first of all , I agree with the statement give here that ` ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a fow guide ' ' my first reason be , as we go to a new palce , we may not be know how the place will be , how will be the behaviour of the people , what their culture be , what their custumes be , whta their tradition be etc . if we go to some American countires , we may find some difficulty , understand their language and aslo we can not understand their accent eventhough their speak English . for example suppose you plan to go France . the language the people speak there be French . you may not understand French . here you need a guide . my second reason be , if the palce you plan to tour a historic place without a guide , you finally end up with the rockey structure you see there . as each historic place have a history behind in the main purpose of visi be to know its history . as we be not familiar with the palce and its history , a guide it be right person to expalin it . Fot example , take an instance os vise mahabalipuram , a famous historic site in India . it ' S all fill with temple make ofrock , carring on stone etc . we need a guide to expalin what rocky strutures be . and lastly the important thing be fullfilling the purpose for which have spend the money , let suppose you have palnned an Europe tour . but you do not have a proper person with you to expalin their what be the purpose of visit be not know any thing . 	TEL
I disagree with the argument that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject . actually , it might be helpful to have many knowledge but objectively , that be unnccessary than to specialize in one specific subject . anybody have many other knowledge by useing some time . but if to specialize in one specific subject . than you will get more specific knowledge that other people do not know about it . it be more useful to have the knowledge . for example , let say you be the owner of the company and you want to hire some one for marketing section and there be two people who go just a university and aother go a specific business college . who do you go to hire for your business ? I be not say that the just university person be bad but , objectively , I will hire the specific business college . because I want the person who have a idea of a specific section , which be business and who have lot of knowledge at the field . and not only my question but also the real world be like that . there be lot of people who be achieve at their field such as CEO of Microsoft , not only he be good at but also he be ti soecializ in one specific subject . may be to have broad knowledgeof many academic subject will help you to decide your field but if you have your goal alraedy than i suggest that to have knowledge in one thing . and eventhought you think it be waste fo time but do not stop . because no body will go to have that your effort and you will get the golden age for your appreciate . 	KOR
I disagree with the opinion that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today even besides in all over the world now , we be consider about the enviroment , and oil be decrease now . I know that there be some agreement about the gas produce by car . car be very bad for enviroment because they run with gas which pollute earth ' S air . many country promise that they be go to reduce gas which be from car in present day . my country , Japan also do and now we be try to do this plan . however , I never see this successful and people who be use car do not care about it at all . I also hear that oil be not go to take anymore . now , most of car in this world run with oil . actually there be electrinic car , but it be unuseful to use because it take time to make car run so we still use a car run with oil . I think that there still will be some oil in twenty year . car be absolutly usefull . we can go to anywhere in anytime by car . people live in metolopolis might not need car , but people live in rural area have to use car to live in . they live in far away from grocely store , mall , and place they work at . needless to say , we need indivisual car . we can not use public system such as bus , train because it may be fast to transport than we use public transportation . in addition , most of us will keep use indivisual car . I think that there be not thing which we can reduce car use because we do not care enviroment , we care only ourselves , electronic car be not useful , I do not think electronic car be become useful , and actually people really need car . 	JPN
there be discussion that in the future , there will be few car in use than there be today . although some people think that use the car increase than nowadays . because they think that the car be the most thing to not improve and they do n't have side-effect . but I think that there will be decrease in use the car in the future . there be several reason . first , nowadays , there be problem that oil , gas be reduce because of unplanned excavation . so it cause to lack of oil to move . it mean that although we have a lot of car , we can not drive because there be no oil to move . therefore we need to other substitute oil or alternate method for movement . I think that find alternate method for movement outweigh to find other oil . second , the car cause pollution of air . actually the car produce CO2 , NOx . it increase earth ' S temperature . so , the height of sea be increase . maybe our land will be under the water . imagine that condition you do n't have land to plant and to live in . from these problem , many human be study to find other method to move that it be not cause to pollute the air . third , the car be unconvenient . because it can not only out of order frequently but also ca n't cross the other continent . nowadays , there be global world . so to increase the power of nation , we should invent free-cross continent like ship and plane to trade easily . for these above mention reason , there be no doubt in my mind that there will be few car in use , in the future . because it cause air pollution and gradually the oil be reduce . 	KOR
I do n't agree with the statement ` Young people enjoy life more than old people do ' ! I think one reason be that there be some big difference between young people and old people because old people have other experience than the young people ! you can not put them on the same basic . in my opionen old people enjoy their life in an other way then in their past . in the past parent be much strong with their chlidren than today . old people enjoy their life with do other activity than the young people do . they have n't go to a club or a disco to enjoy their freetime . they do thing like travel and walk around or read interesting book or something else . when you be old you also have more possibility to enjoy your life because you may be have more money than the young people . for me it be really terrible that young people enjoy life often in a very strange way . often they have to drink alcohol or put drug into their body to have fun ! for me it be not a way of enjoy life . for example there be my parent . in their young life they do n't enjoy life like they do it today . that be because they become mum and dad in their young day and so they be n't able to have fun like teenager or young people in nowadays . but today their childern be adult and do n't live at home , so they be able to make holiday or go to cinema or something like that whenever they want to . I think that be a good way of enjoy life and freetime . To give a short conclusion it be important to enjoy life when you be young and when you be old . 	GER
I completely agree with the topic that in the next twenty year there will be few car in use than they be today . today the technology be more advanced than yesteryear and there can be more advancement in the near future . with the advancement of technology car may be replace by some new invention . firstly , if we consider the time before fifty or sixty year back , there be more number of bicycle . and after that , with the invention of bike people mostly travel on them . further with the invention of car the number of bike and their usage have decrease . after twenty year there may be any other advanced invention which may replace the car . for instance if a fly machine be invent for benefit of a common man then there will be more fly machine and less number of car . secondly it can be say that the need of the people keep change with time . after twenty year if some thing more cheap or more advanced than car be make available then there can be few car than they be today . with the increase in need of people any other advanced invention can replace car . and the number of car can decrease . lastly i conclude that in the next twenty year there will be less number of car than they be today . 	TEL
in our life , all of us want to live in good , confortable condition , want to have a big house and also a nice car and money till death . but for this suitable life can not be win easily . it want successful . and for the success ; open mind , risk and new trial be necessary . there be two kind of people . One of what be successful and the other be unsuccessful in the life . in my opinion , successfull people be open mind and always ready to try something new and try to develop a process or a project or a subject . in addition to these they like to take risk for the success . but on the other hand , some people stay away from risk , new project and also they be afraid of trial . they live accord to their life rule . if we focus on the professors-scholars working , educate and research in the university , college and also in institudes , we could determine the success on their face by investigate their reliable behaviour , talkings , smilings . . . etc we know that they dont get afraid of make mistake becouse they believe that if they m make mistake it will turn to them as success on the other hand if the other people afraid of make mistake , take risk and stay dependent on their own rule , could not be successful . for example , if an unsuccessfull student be investigate , accord to the student behaviour and life , random study time that be set by her/hisself could be determine . in conclusion it could be say that successfull people be the people who be not afraid of make mistake and in addition to these who be not to take risk . they be always ready to find out something and development . but as comparised above , to do wahot be want do not bring any success and olso a comfortable life we imagine . if life be just like a stair for people have beauty confort miney on the upside , in my opinion successfull people will go up easily but the other will not . 	TUR
this be a really common theme for these period . young people most of the time be not interested to help and to develop the community in which they live . just a small part of them be really interested at the topic . often this new generation be selfish and it be worry to satisfy their need instead to open their mind to the community . I can say that many thing be change during these year , in the past the people S commitment be much more develop and fel compare to these day . my parent , my grandparent really believe in the possibility to create a good place to live , moreover they try with a lot of effort to improve activity that could let the community be a good place . there be the trust that something could change if you be really interested in what be around you . nowadays i think that the reponsability to take care of the community be disappear at all - young people think that be not their problem be worry about the community enhacement , thus the common believe be that just the governament have to promote and support it . furthermore the young people be not interested in this aim because there be not for them a clear return in term of money or materialistic benefit . this generation have lose the beuty in believe on the power of the idea . they do not fight anymore for an idea but just for themselves . an example of the difference between the past and the current day could be provide by a short story tell me by my granfather in the @card@ my grandfather be very interested to the problem of our town . he be a person that have try to improve the economical condition of our city and to develop the spirit for the community . in that period in my small city thre be not a cinema . the citizen of that time complain most of the time for this kind of lack , even because in that period the cinema be something new and it appeal most of the people . my grandfather be the one who invest money and finally buy the first cinema odf my town . everbody can remember him firstly as a good person a then as someone who do at least some effort to take care of the community . 	ITA
I disagree with the statement . for me , be successful have very little to do with the amount of material thing one have accumulate . To be successful , one have to be happy . the two thing go together . one might say it be possible to achieve both thing , but i thing for that one would have to dedicate most of his or her time for that purpose . To try new thing and take risk rather than do what one already know how to do well , time will pass one by . Therewill be no time to enjoy the success . success be do what one love , do it well , make agood live out of it while enjoy the rest of the time with the person you love . What will be load with material thing if you do n't have time to supervise your child school progress / Definitely , I would rather be very good in what I do , do it well , make a good living from it and enjoy life afterward with family , friend , love one instead of try new thing over and over again , 	FRE
there be a lot of reason and fact that agree with that statement but there be also fact that do not agree with it . in the following I will first talk about young peolpe like teenager and then old people and after come to a reasonable conclusion . young peolpe quite enjoy their life since they be very activ and energetic . they have the power to party and have fun for most of the time . the main factor I would say that they enjoy life more than old one be because they do not have that many responsibilties and worry in life as old people . they be help financiallz and mentally by their parent so they do not have to work or suffer in any kind of dispute like this . another reason that they enjoy life more be that they probably have so many thing to try out and so many place to visit , since everything be well when you try it for the first time , they have a big advantage there . old people though have also a lot of reason to enjoy life at its maximum . if you have be a nice and fun person throughout your life which could mean that you could have more friend than young people since you have more experience in friendship than them . when you be an adult , you have a lot more freedom than young people . so you can do thing that they can not do , for example small incident like go on vacation without anyones permission or make a decision that can affect your whole life style . in my opinion I agree with that statement because even though youg people be more limited in do thing , it be much more fun and exciting . and you do not have to worry about that many thing like your future , your job or your financial status . 	TUR
yes , I agree with the statement ` ` its more important to understand idea and concept than for them to learn fact . ' ' I feel its very important for us to understand an idea than simply know it . if you be good at understand idea and concept then you can make yourself think of the fact pertain to it . an idea when bring into implementation , then it can be know about the good and bad associate with it , there bymaking us to think about the fact relate to it . I feel the sequence relate to this idea concept be , firstly generation of an idea be important and be folowed by its analysis , this be make in our brain thinking about its result . nextly , its implementation and there by derive the fact out of it . so , the fact can be derive from the concept itself . in my opinion , simply learn fact without know any information regard will be like ` ` eat food without know what it be ? ' ' the food that you be eat may be tasty and you be enjoy it but withou know what be you eat seem foolish . in this contemporary world understanding idea and concept be in existence . so , when the world be run if you still continue to be lethargic its not good on your part and you cant do justice to your profeesion . understand an idea make a person think about it there by make him develop or innovate new idea regard the topic . it enable man to be thought-provoke always . know the fact will be a part of the this process if a person adopt a habit of understand the concept and there by fill the essence of the study . thus , i feel its more important for a student to understand concept and work upon them mindful that he be also fill with the fact along with the idea . 	TEL
many people prefer to take a trip alone without tour guide . they say that they do like it because they want to avoid people , plan move and take a break with self-time . although it be suitable reaons , travel in a group with a tour guide have many advantage that deserve we should do it . not only group touring can reduce danger in abborad nation , but also it be really convinient and make us visit essential point . first of all , group touring with tour guide include less danger of trip foreign country than trip alone . since people be not familiar with foreign nation , there be much danger of frauding or any accident . for example , many Koreans be frauded by foriegners during East Asia trip . it include muders , rob and so on . moreover if there be accident in foreign country , people usually embrassed so they can not do properly . however , since guide be usually people of that country , they well know about country ' S condition and situation so danger decrease much . next , group touing be really comfortable and help us to see essential place . since tour company already make plan and reservate completely , people can enjoy journey with only follow schedule . for instance , it be needless to say that there be no danger to lack of hotel room because company already book them . moreover , as state above , guide know well about that country , so he can bring us to most famous and beautiful place . as I mention above , group tour lead by a tour guide have many advantage . it contain less danger because we do group and lead by tour guide . also , it be convinient since company already make a schedule about trip , only we should do it be follow plan . therefore I agree with that the statement , the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . 	KOR
I partially agree with the give statement that ` ` young people enjoy life more than old people ' ' because young people enjoy life by play with the friend , by watch late movie , by go to college , by tease the young people etc . . where as the old people enjoy life be sit at home , chat with the people surround , go to piligrim place etc . . the young people now a day have a lot of fun life to have for example if we consider the case of my brother he enjoy a lot . he go to college on bike , he meet friend every day evening , he will have a big chat with them about movie , he then go to his classmate house to have a fun time with them about the funny thing happen on that day , finally he come to home have a good meal and then he go to sleep . if we take the case of the old people they have work to be do , for example if we the case of my grand mother she be quite relax , she use to gather the other people and she start chat the whole day it be a kind entertainment for her , she watch old devotional movie with them enjoy feeling about god , some time she use to go to piligrim place like tirupathi , shirdi etc . . she use to eat the the she interest , she use to spend money as she wish . I think both the young people and the old people both enjoy life very much but not compare to each other they enjoy in their own way accord to their age . if we consider the real time fact to well understand of this concept we just consider a normal teen age person who use to go to collede or some other job they lead their life in luxurious way think that this be the age which be not go to come similarly way if we consider the life the old people they just want to enjoy their life in the end day so they enjoy their life as they like and also other people of the will cooperate for that . so i partially agree with the give stat 	TEL
before attempt to give a definit answer to that question I would like to discuss the pro and con of the group let by a tour guide . I will then conclude summarize the different point make . first of all , let ask ourselves why do people use tour guide to travel . a possible answer to that question might be that people do not necessarily have a lot of time to visit a certain place , and therefore intend to make the most out of their time . in that case , people be show the most popular monument and location for sightseeing by their tour guide , and visit as much as possible in a short amount of time . so I personaly think that in the case of a short trip , it be a good solution in order to see the main thing to see . however , the major drawback of this alternative appear to me to be that as you intend to make the most out of your limited time , every visit be carefully time and schedule . therefore , in the event that you would like to learn more about a certain monument or place , it turn out to be quite difficult as the group might be already leave for the next visit , or you just might not have enough time ahead of you to do so . consequently , if a deep understanding of a certain place or monument be the major concern of the trip , tour appear to me not to be the good alternative , make such a wish difficult to come true . To conclude , I believe that group lead by a tour guide can be both a good or less good alternative depend on the major aim of the journey . in my opinion , if the thourough understanding of a certain monument or place be the objective , then a different alternative should be take . however , if the objective of a short journey be to go around the main sightseeing spot , then I beleive it be the alternative to adopt . 	FRE
many product be advertise in TV because it ' S the main media nowsaday . many people think that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be , other believe that most advertisement put the product as they really be . I think that advertisement make product to seem well to make more money , atract more people and exapand their bussines One reason be to make lot of money . many of this owner do n't have any respect for other . these person just want to buy you something for a high price and maybe the price be low than they say it be . like my grandfather . she want to buy a computer and she see an advertisement on TV that say that the computer worth three thousand dollar . because she be naive in computer , she buy it . when she tell to my father that she buy a computer fotr that price , my father almost kill her because he say that the computer only worth one thousand dollar . another reason be beacuse the owner want to atract people with this product . they just car to atract the maximum quantity of people . for example , my mother buy a vacuum machine that she see on TV . she say that this be the good one that she have aver see . when the vacuum arrive , she be excite and she start to use it . in four day the vacuum break and she could n't use it anymore . finally , this advertisement make product well because the owner want to expand their bussines . for this reason they can sell more thing and also make maore money . first they start sell only one product but with the money they make with this product , they will start make other product as a result , they will expand their bussines . To conclude I would say that many advertisement make product much well than really be because the owner want to make more money , atract more peolpe and expand their bussines . I think that these people should have more respect whith their customer and make advertisement to show the product the way they be and not the way they want to look like . 	SPA
nowadays , there be many advertisement . we also buy product as we see many advertisement . when we see advertisement , we may feel that we must buy the product . some people belive most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be but other do n't believe . give the choose between first and second opinion , I choose the first opinion . first , advertisement use the visual aspect . in detail , in case of the paper advertisement or Internet advertisement , the product can seem much good in respect of color , size , shape , etc . for example , a week ago , I order the clothes on the Internet site because the clothes be beautiful pink that I like . I be so excite and expect . yesterday , the clothes be finally deliver but when I see the clothes , I be quite disappoint because the clothes be ugly densed pink that I loathe . so , follow the example that visual aspect , advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . second , in case of home shopping , the cast introduce the product . To illustrate , my aunt call my mother a few day ago , and my mother tell me about the story of my aunt . I will tell this story . a few day ago , my aunt watch TV home shopping channel about kimchi . the cast eat the kimchi so deliciously and say that kimchi be so yammy . Futhermore , all guest eat kimchi so deliciously and in my aunt ' S opinion , it look so delicious because of the spice color of the kimchi and eater ' S attitude . so , my aunt order the kimchi but when my aunt eat the kimchi , taste be very bad and disgusting . on top of that , most company apply their product ' prise and prestige in the contest in advertisement so we believe and buy the product that but these may not be true . To sum up , by above reason and example , I think the most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . 	KOR
I disagree the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people do . in my opinoin , enjoy the life be to be peaceful in the innerside and live everyday without regret , then make yourself happy . in this regard , I suppose that the real life for self usually start when a people have his own work and financial independantly . first of all , it be different from the young people , who literally relys on their parent for their experditure , the old people be indepence and pay all of their experditure by themselves . therefore , they can spend whatever they like and wherever they like to go at their own mean . besides , after have earn the experience from the life , most of people have their stable goal for life and own interest . so , the process of presuing their goal and interest be the time of enjoy their life . at last , especially for the elder people , who be retire and free of the responsibility to raise their child work for daily expenditure , have more time to enjoy the life . To summary , although the old people have more responsibility in life , they can also enjoy life as the same as the young people do for their indepedance and maturally . 	CHI
I agree with the statement that most advertise show more fact of the product than they really have and make it much more easy to be saled . this phonomenen be show almost all over the world and I think it be reasonable to be accept . the first reason be that , the advertise be mean to show the good effect of the product and appeal people to buy them . it be the use of the advertising . people who make advertise always study the merchanes carefully and make it more useful and more worthful to buy . they of cause will show a lot of unconvince fact to be convince . just even a piece of papper can be discribed to have the capability to make user more healthy than use other kind of pappers . you may think it be rediculers , but the advertise offen make those problem . second , the company pay for the advertisement be focus on the profit of it . the company do this thing just because it want to increase its sale and make more money back . input and output be the first thing to a company . so the manerge people want to make the product more attractable to the market . and the advertise will be as good as it could be . no concern about the fact . there be many illigle advertise in China that mislead people and make terrible effect to the society . the last reason be , sometimes , people be like to see some amazing thing in the advertisement though they do not believe it . for example , a woman who be not so fit may want to see some medicine that can help people to lose weight . and she may dream that she could be as beautiful as the ficture show at the advertisement . she dose not want a really product , but just a dream . so the advertisement offen seem much good than they really be and accepteble to the society . 	CHI
personally , I think that this statement be a perfect reflect of what I think and do , I have always think that you have to understand everything that you be teach . this be a very controversial topic , but I think I have a clear panorama of what I think . the first reason for which I incline to this decision be for the fact that learning fact do n't give you an internal satistaction of a certain topic . there be a famous quote state by Ignatius of Loyola S.J. which be : ` ` the know do n't satisfy the soul , but the interpretation and likeness of the thing internally do ' ' . this be a very reflexive quote , because when you learn a fact you do n't adquire it ' S concept completely , you have like an empty space . for example in philosophy , you can know the point of view from every philosopher , but if you do n't understand them , you could never know what they really mean . the second reason be that human brain tend to forget easily thing learn but not interpretated . for example , the thing that you learn in 9th grade , sometimes you forget them when you be in 10th or 11th , because you do n't really get the concept completely . on the other hand , if you learn something and you understand it well , you will remember it for ever , or if you forget it , with a little thinking you will remember it and could use it right for other aspect in your cotidian life . finally , I would like to say that people who always memorize fact and do n't understand them completely , usually have less resource for have success in life , because of their lack of understanding and interpretation in essential manner . however , people who really understand all the thing that they be teach , usually develop an ability to solve problem faster , or be more original in their thinking . 	SPA
I do agree with the statement that advertisement do make you feel that the product advertise be good than what it actually be . the reason be that it use people that be famous , perfect result , incredible situation , and many more to make their product look well than they really be . in advertisement they always make claim of excellent result . for example in an ad for a fairness cream it might claim that it will make you fair in six week but when you actually try it out the result be not as spectacular as the ad claim . thus the ad make the product seem good than it actually be . another way by which advertisement make their product look good be that they use star power . that be they hire either a big movie star or a sport celebrity to endorse their product . this attract the public to the product without really pay all that attention on the product . thus the product will seem well to you just because a particular star be use the product . it will not matter to you if the product be not really all that good . What do matter be that your favourite star be use it . thus star power help enhance the product and make it seem well than it actually be . also in advertisement , many time , the model be able to do incredible thing after use the product . for example the ad might show that after drink their product the model be able to do incredible stunt . these stunt will make the product and the people who use it look cool and it will very much appeal to the young male population . they would only want to use the product , as it be associate with cool people and they would also want to become cool people . thus the product be make to look good than it actually be . last but not least the ad barely mention the disadvantage of use their product . for example in an ad for mutual fund the disadvantage be mention so quickly that the viewer barely pay attention to it . thus draw attention only to its good point . thus advertisememts make their product look well by use star power , claim exaggerated result and many psycological trick . 	HIN
` ` Jack of all trade , master of none ' ' this be a say a lot of us grow up listen to . the question be whether you want to be a Jack of all trade or the ` ` King ' ' of one . personally , I believe , that it be good to specialize in one specific subject rather than to have broad , abstract knowledge about many . when you specialize in one subject , you gain a lot of knowledge and authority on that subject . this can lead to a lot of advantage . firstly , mastery in one subject can help you with your career . if you have complete command over your subject , you can effectively utilize it to further your career goal . for example , in a competitive industry like the Information Technology industry , if you have a good grip on your domain , it will benefit you much more than have incomplete knowledge about a lot of other domain . if you be knowledgable about a subject , not only can you do your own work well , but you can also help your colleague or peer with problem they may be face . specialization in a subject make you an authority on it . this can lead to other people look at you for direction or help if they be stick . so not only do you become more popular , you also gain a lot of respect by help other out . lastly , i would say that if everyone just want to have broad knowledge on a variety of different subject , then no scientific or other development would ever have be possible . take Leonardo Da Vinci for example . have he not develop his skill in painting to such a high degree , we would not today have be able to exclaim at the beauty of the Mona Lisa . or Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , who with his skill in music , give us so many beautiful composition . or Albest Einstein , whose immense study of scientific phenomenon lead to so many invention . in conclusion , I firmly believe that it be much good to specialize in a subject you feel passionately about than to have a lot of unimportant datum on subject you might be just mildly interested in . 	HIN
in my opinion , I do n't suppose that the number of car will be decline in decade . car be necessary for the human society since 20th century . the car play an important role in human history . also be a culture symble , car means safty and convinent in our life . these all make the depands and demand of the car never vinished . moreover , the would wide population be still increase nowadays . the large population , and the related growthes of it in the past year imply that the reduce of the vehicle be impossible . then , car industry be a very important income of the big country all over the world . it be very hard to change the composition of the industry in simply twenty year . scientist and engineering be dedicateing to improve the car use Morden technology . more and more high efficient , green technological car be still emerge . the pollutant of the car be potential to be reduce signficantly in the near future . however , some opposite mention the development of the new vehicle . there might be some substitution of the car in the near furture , such us the development of the mass transportation . but do n't think that will result the reduce of the car . more and more emerge industry stimulate the development of each other indeed . the descover of the new energy , such as the achol or gas , imply that cut edge of the new car will be more and more important in the near further . the urgent development of the car , and the related technology could be expect to enrich the human dai 	CHI
I absolutely agree with the statement . moreover , I think that good advertisement should enhance the appearance of efficiency to maximize the influence on the consumer . advertisement for skin care product be especially good at twist reality . they usually employ model that have immaculate skin regardless of the product . then they follow the usual recipe by show the model use the product and tell the audience how big of a change it make on her . it do n't take long for the audience to react to this display of cause and effect . the problem be that the product probably do n't have any impact on the model whatsoever : she have perfect skin beforehand . and that ' S not even mention the computer enhancement . . . however , I think one thing must be realize : the advertisement that I describe previously do its job . it implant a seed in the consumer ' S mind and the sale will happen . that ' S exactly the purpose of marketing : generate sale . I think it ' s largely the consumer ' s responsibility to train itself to mostly ignore advertisement . we know that they be fake , so why do we believe them anyway ? do n't get me wrong : advertising be a regulated business and as such should limit itself to what have be rule acceptable by society . law exist that forbid tell lie or deceive the customer in an advertisement . build on my previous example , if the skin care product have a real potential for reasonably improve the appearance of skin , then it be the consumer ' s task to discern what be real and what be embellishment . as long as the advertisement do n't guarantee the same exact result on everyone , the marketing firm be on pretty safe ground . I ' ll conclude by attack the other point of view : how could anyone disagree with the original statement that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be ? that ' s the way it be . To anyone who believe advertisement display the whole truth unmodified , I have a bridge I ' d like to sell to you . . . 	FRE
I somewhat disagree with the statement because I believe that although it may be important to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject , it be more effective for your future career if you specialize in one specific subject . for example , in school I learn about many subject include science , mathematics , drama , music , history , photography , ethic , etc. , which serve me as basic knowledge for my day to day live . after I graduate I decide to study marketing , and I make a bachelor in business administration with a concentration in marketing . therefore I have to take finance and accounting clases , additional to the marketing concentration clases . I be n't as happy with the accounting and finance clases , as I be with the marketing clases , but I believe that it be imortant for me to have at least a general knowledge of other related subject . this two course serve me as a support base for what I learn in marketing because it ' S relate . and ` ` related ' ' be the clue word here . I do n't find its necessary for me to study a little bit of medicine , architecture and politics in the university , just to have a broad knowledge in many subject . for me it ' s more important to concentrate in subject relate to my major if that ' S where I want to work in my future . that ' S why I ' m planning to do now a master degree , to even concentrate more and learn more in the study before . therefore , I conclude that learn about other subject it ' s usefull for your day to day live and general knowledge , but as you get old I believe you should concentrate more in the subject you want to work with . specialize in one specific subject make you a ` ` pro ' ' in it , and it be good to be a ` ` pro ' ' in a subject than to be a ` ` mediocre ' ' in many subject . 	SPA
Should we learn or should we understand ? this question may have be a debate for age . Everybody wonder if he have good to learn or to understand . but could we really understand without learn ? I agree this the statement , because I really think that it be not always helpful to learn by heart . I think it be more important to understand something and to develop our critical judgement . but both be really important . nevertheless , I think we should learn in order to be able to understand what happen be our life or in our society . Let ' s take an example . if we want to understand a politic debate or we want to vote . we should know and learn what be a republican or a demorcrate , in order to vote right . in our life , we always need to know something to understand it . thus the importance of learn . however , we should be carful of not learn without understanding , which be completly stupid . an example may be when somebody have well learn how to write word . if he do not practice or understand how to make a sentance , it be completly useless to know word . despite the fact that learn by heart something could be very boring , we should be able to do it . because the more we will have learn a subject , the more we will be able to talk about it and to understand it . so if we learn how be the American parliament , we should well understand the role of G. Bush for example . Therfore , I think that we should not decide only to understand or only to learn . these two notion should go together , they be complementary . although nobody really like to learn by heart , we must do it , in order to understant well what happen in our life or in our societz . 	FRE
I disagree with the statement . it mat be true that the group tour be a most convinient way to travel because a tour guide know a lot about the place and there seem no waste time thank to the all well prepered plan . however I think that to travel by ourselves be more enjoyable than group tour and there be three reason that support my idea . first , by travel individually , you can go anywhere at anytime . for example , if you go to one tourrist attraction in a group and you find the place attract , you have to just pass through and can not see the place well because of the time limit . next , you can meet local people . if you be in a group tour , local people be not interested in them because you already have a lot of conpany and the local people see you as one of them . however , if you go to the sight alone , it draw local people ' S attention and they might talk to you or at least nice to you . moreover since they live there , they know where to go good than guide or guidebook . in addition , you can know what the tradition and culture of the region , which the guidebook do not tell you . finally , you can be independent . To travel alone be not always just a fun . there be a lot of danger around you . however you can learn how to protect yourself when you be in danger . what you learn from the dangerous situation will be helpful for your latter life . 	JPN
in rapidly chaing world , it be clear that those who be not unerstand idea and concept be unlikely to succeed . some arguee that it be ideal to learn fact . however , i agree that it be unrealistic to learn fact . because , do so prevent them develop thier knowledge and find more rational fact . first . learning fact do not increase thier knowledge . this be because if people learn fact . they become weary of the fact . which make it difficult to develop thier ceative knowledge . for example , recent study show that student who learn fact produce knowledge @card@ percent less than student who understand idea and concept . this be because student become feed up with simply fact . it make them dull . as a result , learn fact prevent student from develping their knowledge . second , understand idea and concept help student find more rational fact . this be because they can find more rational fact from experience to understand . for instance my son have learn from learn fact to understanding idea . I disappoint whenever he do not understand principle of something . however , after he change the method of learn to understading idea . he find more rational fact . if he have choose to learn fact . he would not have be able to find more rationl fact . in short . it be impractical to learn fact fot student . since it lead to lower knowledge . furthermore , experiece to understand idea and concept help them find rational fact . although it ' S easy to learn fact . it prevent them grow thier professional life . 	KOR
I disagree on have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . I feel that we should narrow down our choice of subject rather than increase the knowledge on all subject widely . we all study for a good career and when we get out of the university people ask for specific skill and we should be the good among our skill to get the job . if we start have a broad knowledge on many academic subject instead of concentrate on what your career exactly need we will loose the race in the job hunt . we all know the famous quote ` ` Jack of all , king of none ' ' now thats what would happen if we start gain knowledge on many subject rather than one . we would no doubt increase our knowledge but unless we specialize on all of them its of no use . I would cite an example of myself , I always want to be a software engineer and there be heavy competition out in the market for software job . if I have not take up software as my major in my university I would not have make a job . no software industry want a person who know @card@ subject but be not specialize in software . but at the same time I insist we should know a bit of other subject too for the sake of our general knowledge and to live in this world . in our school we read about everything like math , science , geography , history , etc , . , and thats enough for us to know on many academic subject . once we come out of school and join a university we should start focus on one particular area of intrest which would ultimately give us satisfaction and good career prospect . I would like to conclude by say that specialize on one subject be always more fruitful than learn about a lot of subject . 	TEL
I agree with this idea that charenging new thing and do n't care about fault . there be two reason : try be profitable and newtings have usually fault and it need to growth . firstly , charenging can proceed tecnology and deveropment . for example , the history of devepropping supace tecnology be face to many fault . in order to bing out human to the speace , many fault roket lunch be happend . the space deveropping be typical of try new thing and overecome risk . secondary , if you do the same thing ordinary , it be impossible to growth . for example , although you learn something in the school , you do n't take for the imformation , the imformation become an invain . people have desire to know new thing by nature and they use the fommer imformation . if they do n't try newthings , the life area would be narrow by now . Threfore , I believe worth activity that people chanenge new thing and do n't worry fault . 	JPN
many people in this modern world wonder if successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . in my opinion , i think successful people be the people who try new thing , but in the end it have its advantage and its disadvantage . I think that successful people be the people who try new thing because these people work hard , research and try there best to find new thing as well as get thing well and more efficent so i guess these people deserve to get more than the people who be just sit in their place , repeat the same procedure again and again through out the year . successful people in my opinion never stop the hard work , never stop research as well as never stop or speed down the pace from look for the good and the good as this modern world be modernize , and improve day after day so you have to be on the pace and never stop from work hard to find new thing . always a person , who stop or slow down his pace in research and work hard , will be throw out of the competion . there be few disadvantage of try new thing and one of them be that by try new thing you may risk yourself , as for example if the new thing do not work or benifit it will cause failure and sometimes may cause great lose to a specific person or even company . in my opinion , some time try new thing be worth the risk as the percentage of success be much high than the percentage of failure in most time . some advantage of do what you already know , which be few be that you do not risk your self in danger , it keep you out of the red zone and into the green zone . in my opinion , people who dont like competition , face , and people who do not have strong heart stay do what they already know how to do well in . finally , successful people always try to find new thing while people who want to stay in their place and not change keep do what they already know how to do well in and i be a person who think successful people be who try new thing and bare the risk . 	ARA
Athough people enjoyment differ from stage to stage , youth enjoy more as compare with the old people be definitely reasonable to agree with the statement . I observe in my life at part , that young people enjoy more . in modern world , due to the development of technology , they be more fascinate to new kind of object , such as mobile , computer , Internet , etc. , and by use them that be available enjoy life . Youngers be more affectionated to the day to day development of technology , by use those thing they enjoy more . old people be not that much aware of these technology . because technology be develop rapidly in these day to day life . young one be more energetic than old people , they can go and do whatever they want . they make their friend as a part to enjoy in most of the public place , they usually attend party and meeting , and have capability to think and improve by adapt new technology they enjoy more . old people be mostly feel that they enjoy in their young stage , let us allow their child who be in young stage would allow them to enjoy , because most of the life have come to end . while come to oldage , people think that they can not enjoy because they usually suffer with most of the health problem like heart attack , blood pressure , sugar , bone problem . today , the development of industry and factory as well as increase pollution with people make them to live life upto an extinct , get affect to many disease make most of the old people think to that they can not enjoy their rest of life . in most of my experience , old people allow them to enjoy more as well as to get awareness of the social life . 	TEL
advertisement be invade our life . wherever people drive their eye either on the Tv or in the street , the advertising campaign be overwhelm our landscape make them full of expectation for the product they admire on the screen or in the newspaper . but , unfortunatelly , most advertisement promise more than they can really deliver to the final customer . the strenght of the marketing system of the multinational company brand make people dream too much and the final customer be not very aware of the image technicity comapnies use for make their produtcs more beautiful . the message an advertisement want to convey to the final consumer be delicately compose by the marketing system of the multinational brand . the marketing allow the company to sell dream through their product campaign . for example , the consumer do not feel guilty to buy and dring too much Diet Coke because it be say to be produce with less sugar than the original one . similarly , the one who buy electronics machine to do sport at home in order to get slim dream of be fit by use the machine promote by the ad . moreover , people neglect too much the capacity of the computerize of the image . this occur especially in the cosmetic industry where the brand show off the merit of their product . they build beutiful advertisement campaign with top model who display a beautiful skin quality , which be the result of computer work . 	FRE
I think that successful people try new thing and take risk be a good working to do . I will write about reason why . I will give some experience . in my case when i be young , I ca n't to do everything . my parent help to me everything . but when I grow up , I want to try something to do . because I have wonderring that problem . so I have to do . I find that problem . I mean that I solutuion problem by myself . also my father be samething . my father have be fail business , but he do n't forgive . he be try other thing , keep go work . finally he succesed his business . I want to say do n't forgive , keep try to work . I will write another story . eveybody know about Tomas Edison . when he be childhood , everybody say , ` ` stupid , foolish ' ' . also his parent worry about him . someday bring an egg . he say , ` ` i can do chichen mom , come baby ' ' . he be keep to wonder something , and try to do . eventually , he successed his work . we know about light . he be discover by himself . anybody can try to do or do n't scare new thing . in conclution , I think that successful people have exactly reason . Thoes thing be that they be not scare new thing and take risk . keep try to experience and challenge . we need to learn about their life or life style . 	KOR
this essay be about product and advertisment . do most advertisment make product seem good than they really be . first of all we should think about advertisment and its goal . nowadays , advertisment be use very commonly to support the sell process of a product . there be advertisment on tv , in newpapers etc . advertisment be a special part of Marketing and it give the possibility to show a new product to possible customer . its main goal be to attract new customer for a particular product . the customer should think positive about this product and buy it . as I mention before , the customer should have a positive impression from the product . To reach that goal , the advertisment will of course just show the strength of this particular product . however , some advertisment may not really show the truth of the strength and weakness of a product . I think that these advertisment be a few negative case . another point be that the people from the marketing agency , who design the advertisment , can not tell the lie about the product . people would recognize that lie just after they both the product and they would never buy a product from that company again . company want to satisfy customer and that wouldn t happen if they show advertisment who be not true . as i mention before , I think that advertisment show the good part of a product without show the negative part . however i don-t think that advertisment make product generally well than they really be . 	GER
I am agree with the statement that say that for student be more important to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . Infact , I be a student and for me be essencial for learn well fact , first at all try to understand the idea and the concept that there be beside the fact that I must learn . if a person do not understand the why of the fact I think that be not usefull learn about it . in my experiance , I always try to understand the reason that there be beside an event . Becouse I think that if I understand the basic concept it will be more simple learn fact and not forget it . I study criminology and for my work be basic understand why be happen a certain event , what be the principle cause that cause a certain type of event . for example , for me be not important learn the fact becouse I must understand the reason that ther be beside a certain type of behaviour and not only the result of it . for my type of study be not important learn the fact but the reason . but I think that be not usefull only for my type of study but for all type of faculty . for example , in the scientific faculty be also very important it . it will be very important understand the reason why happen a certain natural event for example and not learn the event alone . in conclusion , I think that if a person want understand very well fact and not learn it becouse of the school or becouse a person say that he must learn it , he must question himself the basic idea and the concept that be link on that event . also if , for example , the event that he must learn be not a good event , and he must try to do in a different way . 	ITA
young people now a day do not spend enough time to help their community . I agree with the statement that most of the young people of the present generation do not show any kind of intrest to spend atleast little time of their valuable time . its only because people now a day be enagaged with many thing about themselves that they dont have time to think about the community . young people , consider from shcool age to a person who be work or into a bussiness have get his own tension . once when he be back from his daily routine work he be tired and want to spend some time in front of the TV or relax for some time . but he hardly think about his communtity or rather about himself . compare to past , our ancesstors and grand parent be always concern about their family as well as their community . though they have very less facilty available they make good out of it . with thier communication and interaction with people in the society where as a person of today dosent have time to go and meet his old friend or his relative atleast . I think people should be tought to learn about their society and other peple who be live with them in the society so that he can directly look at the people who be no have any facility and sleep on the road so that they make out little of their time and money to protect them and care for them . I would like to share one of my experience , when i be in my college i see a man who meet with an accident lie on the road with blood flow , none of them show any concern to take him to the hospital . . . as they be busy tie up with their own work and that they can not spend liitle time for that old man bcause of which we all have to see him dead on the road . I think such thing should not be repeat . every person should involve in the community help the community in one way or the other as much as he can . this show his concern for the people and helpiing nature . right from the scratch they should be tought about moral and about society , patriotic people , one who learn moral never try to neglect his society . and every person should take their time in help the community . I have see many old age people who do a lot for the community , the place where i live we dont have medical service for us for which our area people who be all @card@ yrs old group together and make a request to that area head that we be in need of a hospital which can help us in odd time for child and people live in this area . they have take the risk for the community but people who be young be least bother about this issue as they be much worry about their career and settlement rather other they be selfish with thier behavior . I think every individual should take part in do something for the society this give him nothing but self satisfaction which be more than anything for a human . 	TEL
I dare say that I agree the statement that it be more important for student understand idea and concept than lerning fact . because idea and concept be fundamental value . they must know these value so that they can apply various setting . the value help student to extend their knowledge and skill too . I be a nursing major . when I be a practitioner , I focus to learn fact . in this situation , the word ` ` fact ' ' mean some daily routine activity , such as way to clean wound or skill of check blood sample , etc . but since medical technology be improve and most of the thing be do easily with some equipment , I do n't use the technique in these day . but we still use our knowledge to analyze the datum . idea and concept last long . then , if I have unerstanding the concept , I can apply the idea to the diffrent situation . if I understand the theory that cultural background affect on people ' S behavier , I can understand how to care a forein patient . if student have enough knowledge about fundamental of the area , they can apply it to other situation . it will help them to solve problem they would face . moreover , fundamental knowledge help student to extend their study . if a student wish to study in postgraduate course , the basic knowledge of the related theory be require . if I lean only daily routine in one ward of one hospital and neglect to study the concept or idea , I could n't continue my study for the mastral digree . therefore , I support the opinion that student should make high priority to undestand idea and concept than to learn fact . they be basic value which last long , can be apply to different scene and can be use for brush up the level of study for student . 	JPN
I do agree that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . the people who develope an advertisement usually try to communicate a certain message which be suppose to make the product attractive to the customer . Everything that do not comply with this message be simply leave out . most of the time , the producer do n't care about be truthful in that matter . Let ' s take cigarette as an example . if the producer want to make cigarette attractive to the customer , they will not talk about all the negative side effect , but instead they will focus on the advantage . they simply keep important information to themselves even though it might hurt the person who be go to buy the cigarette . this way , the customer will be blind by the positive attitude of the advertisement and will be lead to believe that it would be good if he buy cigarette . this kind of commercial strategy be actually widely use in the promotion of food . many companys want to make their product look healthy because nowadays many people try to stay slim . the advertisement producer answer to that need by develop the commercial in a way that will make the product seem healthy and good for fitness oriented customer . usually they exaggerate certain ingredient which actually only make up a minor part of the product . some commercial for example promote chocolate bar which include ` ` a great deal of milk ' ' even though there be merely trace of milk find in the product . another way to make customer buy a product be to appeal to certain image they have of themselves . commercial for beer for example usually try to convey a sense of manlyness to the watcher . man usually feel that this kind of beer will make them seem more rough and therefore more attractive to woman even though the brand be not special in any way and do not differ much from other beer brand . All those mean be use by the companys in order to make more profit regardless of the effect it might have on the customer . 	GER
in these society , most people will spend for 6 to @card@ year in different school to study . the main purpose be to gain konwledge . while some student think to understand idea and concept be more important than to learn fact , so they just learn to understand . I do n't agree with that . I think the fact of konwledge be importand as well as the idea and concept . the two con not be without in the process to study . first of all . we should konw the purpose of study really . Everyone konw that the purpose be to gain konwledge . but what will we do use the konwledge ? we should use the konledge to become out sklls and abilitise , which could use in the work and real life . for example if a student think understand idase and concepst be more important than to learn fact . he will easly ingore the significant of the fact . and then do n't like to learn them . after the student graduate , they just master many different concept , but he be difficult to find a good job . Becouse he can not use his konledge in the work . so learn fact be very importan for the student ' future . on the other hand , learn fact be also a good way to help the student to understand the idea and concept . as we all konw , most of the idea and concept be consist of word and fomulars . they be verg bore for student . while when the student leare the idea and concept , the teacher tell them some fact about the concept . the student will become more interesting and understand the boring concept more quickly . so the fact iis good for the student to learn . the last but not the least , student can learn some experisence and lestens from the fact . the fact be some event , somethings happen in the past or some example of unsuccess . these be very important . if the sutents do n't learn some experience from the fact , they will learn in the future by themselves , maybe form the falure . from all above , I can draw the conclusion that learn fact be very important for student . Everyone can not ingorne them . 	CHI
I totally agree with the statement which state ` ` it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact ' ' . accord to me , To understand idea and concept be more important for a student than to learn fact . firstly , to understand the topic for example any topic relate to physical science like light . we should know the basic concept to deal with it and basic idea like to think ourselves from where actually it be come i think thats enough to understand the topic . concept should be more clear like various law of reflection and rarefraction to use them for further study not about the fact that from where it be orignated etc etc . after see the student prospective we should be clear with the concept first and the basic idea like for example take the ` brain where its never be before about the topic ' . these genrated thought call as idea . generating idea be really brain storm technique which help to increase the morale of a student . similarly if a student go in search of a fact there be 9 out of @card@ time he will fail . this failure will lead to lower in the morale of a student through which feeling of negativity can come in his/her mind . this will lead to build up of negative attitude which can hamper his/her future also . fact be those which we go and try to find after complete our bachelor ' S or even after master . therefore , at a student age we should only learn the concept involve . One more thing i would like to add to make my assumption stronger be that when we appear in any subjective class at school/college level . what our teacher main aim or where they more stress . they stress more on concept build system then to go in search of a fact . i agree that fact be also require we should know but major focussig point should be concept and develope student to think beyond the limit . at the end in a nut shell i would like to say that concept be the one which make student more clear about the topic able to judge it properly . these concept be the major support element in a student life which help him/her to think more , to create/generate idea , to be able to get the thing do in more fruitfull way which be basically need academically and in professional life to . 	HIN
it have be almost a century since the birth of the car . and these specie have make a tremendous impact into the life of human . they have make our life fast , easy and have help to spur the industrial growth . however , the technological advancement , the increase reliance of people on other mode of transport and the more organized lifestyle that this new age be comming up with give me an impression that over the year the number of automobile will reduce . the technology be advance at a rapid pace . in recent year itself we have witness new mode of transport comming up . the howecrafts , the underground rail , the overhead rail , supersonic aircraft be just a few of them . with such novel and efficient mean of transport spriniging up by the minute and with people become increasingly reliable on these novel mean of transport , we can say for sure that the car on road will reduce . we often read in the daily newspaper report that new airline company be open up . the Low-cost Airlines have be a big success in Europe and the same model be be try out in country like India . people have change their preference of travel from one city to another or from a country to the neighbour country due to the new form of airline . this be because these low-cost airline offer cheap rate , especially to the everyday business traveller and these traveller have such a plethora of option in choose the cheap deal . as a result , people have start abondoning car as their mode of transport for short route . with the success of such airline it be definite that in near future we will see many more such business model which will ultimately result in the number of car be reduce . the organization of society be fast change . Two major form establishment be comming up . One , in which the residential and business locality be under one roof and the other in which they will be independent . if such structure be adopt on a world wide basis , then people will have to resort to different mode of travel . in the first case , they will not need to travel and in the second case they will prefer public transport mode such as underground or overhead rail . this be because it will help them reach their workplace faster . this in turn will cause the reliance of people on automobile . thus we see that with the time change , people have come to rely on various other mean of transport which assist them to reach their coveted destination faster and in a much easy manner . these factor give us an indication that over the year car will be replace by many other mean of transport . I only hope that like the dinosaur , these four-wheeled specie do not become extinct . 	HIN
as a young person myself , I often feel guilty for spend so little time with the community . I have often notice that the social bond between neighbor have diminish in recent year , and people be become less caring than before . that ' S why I think we should definitely spend more time help our community . but how ? the main reason nowadays that young people do n't spend much time with their community be that they be cram with homework , extracurricular activity , entertainment , ... etc . they be simply not spend a lot of time stroll about the neighborhood . without any interaction with their neighbor , young people will easily neglect their role as a member of their community . although they read about community service in their textbook , few actually participate in it . and when you ask them why , they simply reply : ` I do n't have time . ' so if we wish to solve this problem , the first thing to do be to decrease the amount of burden on young people . school should end earlier so that young people can spend more time inside the community . teacher should give their student less work on weekend so they could have adequate time to conduct effective community service . parent should relieve their child of to much activity and they should not force them to go to cramschools . without these correction to our education system , school would end up to actually teach young people not to spend time with the community . of course , one might contend that young people will end up spend the extra time play computer and not do community service at all . that might be the case for some kid , but in my opinion , if people feel they be involve in their community , they would try their good to make it good . this sentiment can be further enhance by government propaganda and social education . it be everyone ' s responsibillity to bring young people back to community service . they should not simply put their blame on laziness manifest by the young generation . I pray for a day when the old bond between neighbor can be re-establish . 	CHI
in today ' S world , car be the main kind of transportation use for transportation on land . as the city grow and distance get longer , people need way of transportation more and more in everyday life . therefore , nowadays almost every person that can afford it over @card@ and have a lincence own a car . if you consider the number of people live on this planet , that would make quite a number . however , on the other hand , way of public transportation be develop , which reduce the necessity for car . so what will happen in twenty year ? first of all , there be the fact that to get from one place to another , you need to have a way of transportation . for most people , in the large city they live in today , it be impossible to get to work or to go shopping or anywhere within walk distance . so , they need to have a car or a way of public transportation . most people prefer have there own car and it ' S easy to see why : method of public transportation be slow and unreliable . you never know when the bus be go to come and it ' S almost certain that you will be late to wherever you ' re go . also , bus go slow and stop many time for passenger to get on and off . Metro be usually very crowd and it be very uncomfortable to travel squeeze against people that you do n't even know . taxi be usually very expensive . Plus , if you go grocery shopping , there be no way you can carry all your bag unless you have a trunk to put them into . picture yourself in a crowded bus or metro with ten bag full of heavy fruit and vegetable , gallon of milk and juice , meat that be about to get spoiled and ice cream that be melt all over the floor . not very conveniant , nor be it go to work . this be an example of why at least one car be needen for every family . however , there be the grow problem of pollution and traffic . there be so many car that it take you an hour to get home during rush hour when it usually take fifteen minute . plus , when you get to work , or the mall , there be always the problem of parking . Would n't it just be great to go and catch a movie or get a bite to eat in the time you use look for parking space ? that be why shopping mall and work place have start to schedule service bus which will take you directly from home to work or wherever you be go . also , there be the problem of the oil resource run out , and put that aside , car heavily pollute the air . so , instead of twenty people go to a place in separate car , imagine how much it would reduce pollution and traffic if all twenty people use a bus to go there . my opinion be that the number of car will reduce in the next twenty year . government that be aware of the pollution and traffic problem be develop method of public transportation to encourage their people to use those method instead of car . for example , in the United States , carpool lane have be arrange in big city like Los Angeles which you can use only if you have more than one passanger in your car . so , in my opinion , the rise public awareness of pollution , the raise in the cost for fuel for car and the development in public transportation will reduce the number of car in the future . 	TUR
in the last century a large number of people get education to have a good situation on their own life . I be incline to believe that student must understand the reason and ability of their educate life . student who get lesson form a professor want to get lot of information that the professor have and it be depend on the understanding of the idea and concept of the professor . regardless to say that student during the education life should understand the idea and concept of their information that they get from their professor . first of all student who get the lesson from a famous professor should get information of him and they can get their survey and experiment . after that they understand what he do in his own experimental life and his idea and expectation of their work . so in the lesson they can get losts of information from him . secondly student who want to work in a survey must think about the concept of the survey . survey depend on a long time and it be very hard for some people because of their character . although people who want to create a experiment must be able to wait for a long time . when the student want to work in a survey they must learn about the system that they use and after that they can be an experimental people from these kind of survey . take everything into account in the light of the above start reason understand of the idea and concept of an information be for the student very significant and when they get the idea and concept they can earn lot of benefit which can be use for their own life . 	TUR
in my opinnion , successfull people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . I regard this statement as true because I have a quite different definition of success . if somebody be really successful , he/she should not only manage something that he/she be suppose to do but she should always improve his/herself and have an aim to make innovation by the means of self-optimisation . this have a vital role on someone ' s career because it would help the person to be realise by other other and promote . on the other hand I do n't state that should always take risk and alter the way he/she know . the time and the place that a person would try new thing and take some risk be also very important . if it be a wrong time or place the thing can get bad and bad . for example if your boss give you an important project that should be prepare soon you should n't take a risk at this situation and you also do n't have the right to do that because you can harm the prestige of the company which you ' re work in . To conclude , I think that one should try new thing and take risk after gain some experience and feel ready about change which would make a person sucessfull and admire . 	TUR
I disagree with the idea that young people do not enough time to help their community for the follow reason , First , young people have a lot of concern about receiveing other respect through contibuting to their comumnities . for example , some Tokyo universtiy student who live near my city nowadays begin to clean the river-side . they ususlly come to rive-side to bring up trash , can desposed on it . as the result , the river become vey clean . then the people in the area appreicated to them very much . and they be proud of the activity . this show that young people want to receive respect of other by help community . second , the rise of concern for environment help young people contribute to their commuities . they have have more chance to learn environmental issue . as the result , young peolpe have more concern to environment surronding them . for example , when I be a freshman in Kyoto university in Japan , there be a lot of lecture about an environment . the universty student often join event conduct by the near-by city for preserve the environment . thus , I strongly believe that young people contribute to their commnity . therefore , I be strongly against hte idea that young people do not give enough time to hepling their community . 	JPN
nowadays , people however their age , be selfish because of the value convey by the modern society and the capitalism value . indeed , everybody think about itself so young people have grow in this atmosphere of ' ' me and myself ' ' . the life go fast and we want to pursuit and achieve our plan because today everything be plan per advance and their be no time for a civic behaviour . in addition , the globalisation and internationalisation make the population mix as their be more mixed community people and there be an identication problem : which community for which people ? regard to the recent event , community be rival and fight between them . so , their be no unity in this world why young people would change this by help who and with which mean ? the modern life make young people very nacisic and selfish but some want to implicate themselves in a cause , in something they can progress and be usefull . some will help the old and desabled people in their neighborhood by make the shopping for them . other will comme in an association to create a good life place for their community . indeed some association and organisation have social aim in which young want to be involve . in my case , I really want to represent the Black in France because their be a lack of representativeness even on medium , fashion , intellectual and scientist work . so I go to Boucle d'Ebene association which promote African and Caribean entrepreuneurs even if I have my study and different thing to manage before to help them . To conclude , I agree with the fact that they be a lack of motivation by young people to involve themselve in social and civic activity to help their community . in fact , they seem to be over book by they stuff as school , work , friend , early child . . . indeed , nowadays young people have much more responsabilities than fifty year ago ! but the reality be that they be a lot of young which want to change some thing in this world by give time to help their community . however , sometimes they do n't have the mean to achieve their project as to create an association or a company and sometimes , they be dissuade by the loss ricognition and credit they be give . 	FRE
some people prefer to say that young people enjoy life more than old people do . other believe that elder enjoy life more . when face with the decison of who enjoy more , quite a few would claim that young people have more energy to enjoy life more and that be my point . there be numerous reason why young people enjoy life more . I will explore a few of the most important one here . the main reason for my opinion be that young people be at the begining of the life and they have more advantage . take my father and my brother as example , my father have a lot of responsibility while my brother do n't have any . when my father want to do something new , he should think himself and his family . my brother , in contrast , go out at night and come back whenever he want and he be n't bread earner . there be another factor that deserve some mention here . people be different . they have different trait , custom , belief and life style . some pfrefer to stay at home when they get old , other go out more than they do when they be young . Similirly these reason also apply for young people . when we consider that some young people have a lot of responsibility , while other do n't . young people have opportunity to choose what they want . when they have opportunity , they can go for it and they can make the most of it . it seem very difficult for us to prefer one to another because some people be very emotional other very strict and small problem do n't usually get to them . in short , even tough young people have some problem choose their career , they have more advantage to enjoy life . but that do n't mean old people do n't have fun . they do . sometimes more than young people . 	TUR
I totally agree with the give statement beacause i ' ve take broad knowledge from my school till college . I think it be very important to have knowleged about the thing around you . Studing or specialize on just one subject be not enough in today ' S world . for an example , to become a doctor a student must not only take science class like bio , chemistry , physics and math , but they also have to take some elective class aswell ( politics , economis , humanity ) , in order to understand how thing work around them . I ' m an engineering major studnet i ' ve complete most of my science class , but i ' ve also take class like history , art , socialogy , which help me to understand the importance of the other subject . these class develop the understanding of other topic like politics , history , socialogy and world religion in me . I be very suprise to know how important these other subject be in order to understand the nature of our society . after take all these class my way of looking/thinking about the people around me or in other word the society that we be live in have change a lot in a positive way . someone who does't get a chance to learn about the other subject find hard time to get a job , because his knowlege be just on specific subject . in modern world company be look for people who have knowledge of all sort of field , rather than have knowleged on just one field . for example there be more chance for a computer programmer who also have some kind of background in the field of electronics than the other programmer who just know about his own programming field . in my opinion it be really very important for all of us to have a knowledge of all aspect of life . if you go to university it very common for a student to have double a major that mean to have degree in two field . becasue they know what company be look for once they graduate . Thats a kind of have another tool when other doens't work . we should defenately have knowledge of other field aswell . 	HIN
some peope in Japan say that young peopel give enough time to help their comunity , however , I agree with the satament that young peopele do not ginve enough time to help their comunity for the followin reason , First , Youug people can not have enough time to help their community because it be hard for yourg people to live on fo theirselves . for example , I have start work in the Goldman Sachs , which be one of the most famous investment bank , in the Tokyo branch in Japan from @card@ . at that time Japanese economy be the bad of the bad , so it be very difficuit for young peopele to find out and hold even a work place in Japan . Fortunetely , I find a good company to work for , and since then , I have work for long time every day without long sleep and a lot of rest . consider this situation , we , young people , can not have enough time to suoport our commynities . second , comunities have be decay themselves . for example , I live in Roppongi , Tokyo , Japan , which be one of the cental district of Japan . a lot of youg people , who have to work for long time for themselves , live in this area . at this area , each people do not have any idea that a community exist itself . in this circumstance young people do not think to help for the community . so they do not give no time to help their communitis . consider the situation in rural area , there might be opposite opinion mention above . but a lot of young peopel think for the opinion mention above . thus , I strongly believe that young poepele do not give enough time to support ther community . 	JPN
the real cliche advertisement be the one in which a beautiful young woman be eat a great yogourt in a terrific place such as a nice desert island . indeed very often the advertisement make the product seem much good than it be actually . this be really true when we talk about advertisement for good such as food , car , clothe . . . Hoever it be not really the product that be show as much good than it be but rather what be around the product . apparently you always need a cute girl , a handsome guy or a vaste shiny house to make sell a sausage or o Tshirt . so it be more the stuff inconsciously link to the product than the product itself that be show as good than it really be . nevertheless in some case the product be not show as good than it be . in particular when it be an advertising not on good but on service . for example the advertisment sensibilising on the security on the road , or the ad concern lending money in a bank or concern insurance . in those case the advertisement be more serious and there be less lie . all thing consider I agree that very often the y , butit be not the least surprising and ; ost people be aware of it . the goal be to create a need and to increase the sell . in a nutshell i would say that aadvertisment be try to make product seem much good than in the reality but it be oftently true for good and less for service . but so ; eti ; 	FRE
advertising , which be a tool use by many bussiness expert or techy to gain much more profit and also reputaion . the art of advertising bring a dramatical change in the marketing world . the product show in the ` ` add ' ' , the short form of advertising , may not be the same as they really be . the purpose of advertising be to grab the look of the consumer towards the product . if a product gain the look of the consumer , it may get them buy it . the sample show in the advertisement may vary with real . for example , the automobile industry , they show the the performance and accessory of thier product in a speculate way , but the real differ from the show and also during the advertisement , they make an asterisk mark on the mileage or any other they show , but none observe that , which mean below of that ` ` under standard testing condition ' ' . generally consumer can not notice that because the font size be very small . not only the automobile , let take the financial area . in this the finanace company show thier plan of insurance be much well among the other . they only announce the benifits of the plan but not the risk of the plan . which be a clever way of cheat the public . if and only if the company make a good reputation among the market , it can survive long with profit . To achieve this main objective , the product be show much well in the advertisement . Ofcourse , there be some product which be real , forexample , the jewellary product which be show wil bwe the same as the real . the use of late technology in photography also one of the cause of this debate . the use of xeon light make a product glitter and also the highly sophistcated camera can capture even trash as a beautiful thing . How ever , I agree with the statement that ` ` most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be ' ' . 	TEL
I believe most advertisement make product seem good than they really be . this be because the kind of thing show in advertisement do not take account of real life condition , also to differentiate product from other competitor they be hyped for their goodness . firstly advertisement make product seem good than they really be because when advertisement be make they do not account the real life condition . for example when an advertisement of a bike be show the advertiser do not take into the account of brake , stop , idle of the bike when they show the mileage of the bike which be most of the time never turn out to be actually achievable at all . with hyped mileage quote in the advertisement the product in this case the bike seem to be a good than it be really as it can not deliver the quote mileage of advertisement . secondly company intentionally make good advertisement of their product than they really be to differentiate their product from the other product which be available of other company . by do this they try to create a brand and a niche of their product which be very much smiliar to the other product . take for example laptop company like Acer , HP which show about the ease of work , graphics display which would not cause eye strain . but in actuality it do it and be very similar to the other product . ultimately advertisement make product seem much more better than they really be . 	HIN
when it come to student learn , the discussion of the issue have become a vogue during the last decade . consider soial atmosphere today , some people hold the opinion that learn fact be more important for student be superior to understanding idea and concept . other , however , contradict learn fact . personally , I agree on that understanding idea and concept because it have more advantags . firstly , thoes people agree on learn forget a universal truth that as a old say that ` ` know the smell until you teste it ' ' . as I remember , the people popular in the society all have strong ability that can paly a role in their work area . the ability can not be learn in the class , because it need to have more practise in the real society . Inaddition , another more essential factor why I advocate understanding be more importan be that learn fact without understan will forget soon . an example I can give the detail of the argument : some people like to copy other ' S work in order to hand in in to the teacher , but they never understand what the answer mean , because they just learn to do not understand to do . thus , they could't get the knowlogies . of couse , choose the learn fact also have advantage in some extent . for example , the tescher always give us right answer that could avoid to waste of time ; they also guide us a short way to reach the result ; and they do good for us to make a good life ; and so on . but if all these factor be contemplate , the advantage of understanding idaes and concept carry more weight than those of learn . To sum up , base on the above discussion , it be obvious to conclude that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than learn factor . 	CHI
I agree with the statement . I think people should have broad knowledge of many academic subject . here be an example why I agree with the statement . I know a person who become rich man . actually , he be my grandfather , and die in peace . when he be young , he be good student . he never think about make money . he just like to study everything he want to know . his teacher think that he could be a teacher of math because he never get wrong on math test . so , his teacher tell him to have more time in math , but he do n't want to do . he want have broad knowledge because he do n't want to study one specific subject . so , he study and study , but he could not go to a university because he be so poor . after he graduate from his high school , he want to get a job . many company do n't want to hire him because he do n't graduate from a university . the company want well-educated people on that time . so , he work as a darily worker . he be not a formal worker , but he work hard and hard . while he work , he still study everything he could do . after eight year later , he make some money . he want to get a own company , so he open a small market . he already know about how to do because he study all the time he could do . he use all knowledge to his market . the market be get big and big . he get marry with pritty woman and he open another market . he open four market until he die . in conculsion , I think it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific 	KOR
the definition of enjoyment , the very feeling that bring you joy and happiness may defer from one individual to another . even though most people enjoy their life in their own way i agree with the claim that young people enjoy life more than old people do . there be various reason for the opinion i share . firstly yound people be much more healthy and energetic in contrast to old people . a lot of activity that an individual may enjoy require physical energy . this physical energy diminish with age in most people . they have to worry about their health at all time since it deterioates with age . they might have a particular activity that the enjoy but it may be restrict due to different reason . for example an old person who enjoy listen to good music may have a problem with his hearing due to age . such people be highly dependent on medication which have its share of side effect of drowsiness etc . on the contrary , young people have all the energy in the world to enjoy . they do not get tired easily . they be very enthusiastic and in the good of health at most time . their lifestyle be at a fast pace as compare to the old generation . youngster can indulge in adventure sport , travel , party , eat and drink without any restriction which would be troublesome for the aged . Seconly young people be far more independent than old people . they be not dependent on somebody to take care of them . nor be they dependent to ask someone to drive them to somplace . moreover the old generation spend a lot of time on worriying about trival issue and restrict themselves experiment . they be more orthodox in comparison to the young generation and consider a lot of thing that youngster refer to as enjoyment as taboo . the old generation by far have more value for money and they believe it in save it for a late day . youngster on the other hand may use up that money for luxury , or for a pleasure activity that will assure him a feeling of fun and happiness . I conclude the essay by restate my opinion that young people enjoy more in life , and i ' m sure most old people would also claim to have enjoy more in their youth . 	HIN
car be the good instrument to our convenient life . most people buy their own car if they be afford it . however , in the future that potrayed like more speedy and comfortable than nowaday in some movie , we may discard our car and the car will be just a huge matter of wasting . there be some reason to explain this opinien . these day be change and developmenting faster than past . some people already have visit out of earth , and lot of saterlites be throw on the earth . instead of use car , they will move away by thir personnal flyng like a plain or themselves . from past time , many people want to fly to sky and they finally make an airplain . the more wishs make more development . Airplain be not our destination , therefore a lot of scientist and dreamer be make the new technology and fantastic real . secondly , the future will be a robot world . we always aspire more comfortable thing and already make some feature to work instead of us . there be many kin of robot like a working in kitchen or play with child , even there be a dancing robot . therefore , most of the light productive work as a householding or delivery will be the robot ' . car will be not need anymore , and we will just call our personal robot when we need some help to move or delivery . surely , the most useful thing , car be the most succesful asset to humanbeing for long time . we also utilize car nowaday almost in everyday , however , the changing of the period and technics be more important and influence our life . we can not deter th chan 	KOR
` ` Fact ' ' - ' ' a true statement ' ' be the literal meaning of this word . fact be fact which can not be challenge or can never be change . I believe that learn fact be important but more importantly its the idea and concept generate in a student mind which be helpful for a successfully learn . when a student grasp a concept clearly his able to apply his own brain and produce more impotant concept which be absolutly non - replaceable by anyother thing . I understand , know and learn fact be impotant but without a good understanding a student knowledge be cripple , he can not shape his own opinion and originate idea on his own . his knowledge will be fact base rather than good reasoning . its impotant that a student should devote time alone for himself for build and construct his own idea , as when he / she step into the practical world , there one need to face lot of practical hurdle where fact might not be of any use , take an example when a student grow to become a doctor and be challenge professionaly to deal with some medical issue urgently , I dont think in that situation he can use his / her factual knowledge , because fact will only satisfy his query about the ailment maybe but the treatment would be accord to the patient behavior which he have to judge and analyse on his own . maybe the process be not same as it be there in the text book . also a conceptual knowledge always help a student to progress and build and provide this world with new idea , it might be possible the possible source of information have any kind of discripencies which can only be resolve when cthe concept be clear . then only a student caqn question and probably will be able to look for an answer on his own rather than wait for someone else to provide him / her with new set of fact and figure . 	HIN
car be one of major mean of transportation . in fact , when the opportunuties , such as comfort and rapid access to location , it provide be consider , it be the inevitable vehicle of people . although some people may argue that car cause certain problem such as crowdedness or air pollution , I do not foresee any change in the number of car in use in the come twenty year . it be debate that city be so full of car that in the near future people can not use car due to the crowd . besides , the traffic jam that car create be propose a solution by decrease the number of car . but one should also take the vital importance of car to human life into account . car be integrate to the life style of people . it be use ubiqutiously in public life . people go to work or urgent patient be deliver to hospital by car . in fact , car be a symbol of civilization . a second point hat car lead to problem be the air pollution . exhaust gas be thougt to cause air pollution and greenhouse effect be trigger . it be true but this do not mean that number of car in use should decrease . this problem can be solve by change the energy source car utilize . for example , solar energy of hydrogen energy can be consider as alternative . in conclusion , in my opimion , number of car in use be not expect to decrease . in stead , it become more wide spread , however the source of energy car consume may change . 	TUR
I do agree with the statement of successful people have to try new thing and take new risk . since the beggining of human life , the human have always to explore new thing in order to survive to addapt the different change and the different enviroments that surround us , the world and everything around us be in constant change . think how it will be the world today if we continue to be only do what we already know how to do well , we will probably be pre-historic , if no writting , no paper , no wheel , no medicine have ever exist , we will probably be extinguish by now . the pre-historic man do n't talk or have clothes but in order to live he start wear the fur of the animal he haunt , the human now can survive the cold . all that we be and have today be possible because of the foundation that we have before , if we have n't take the risk that our ancestor take every day we would't be here . and the world it ' s go to keep change and we need to keep change too , try new thing , take risk . it ' s your option to change or not but if you decide not too take a risk or not to try a new thing ; my friend you will be leave behind and with time cease . in the time we live now adays everybody have to try new thing and new risk , learn new thing , it be really easy to become obsolete in this world . even choose your carrer , let ' s say Doctor in surgery . you just finish the university and after a couple of year they discover a new anesthesia that it ' s well for the human body , but you do n't know how to use it and you do n't want to take tha chance of know something new , an improvement to your carrer , with time this anesthesia be the only anesthesia available . in what have you become ? ; you have become obsolete because you refuse the change . now it ' S not a change anymore be what people be do and they already know how to do it well , but not you . change and take new risk it ' s inherit in our nature , the human will always try new thing and find new risk that ' s our nature and that ' S why we be on top of the food chain . 	SPA
education be ongoing for our entire life . in addition , it be commonly know that education at school be one of the most important part of continuous education of life . I be totally agree with the statement that be ` ` it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact ` ` with two reason . my first reason come from the fact that be it be impossible to give all idea and information at school . that be , because of the limited time , you can not teach every thing to student at school . that ' S why , student must be provide to understand idea and concept . for example , last year I take a mathematics class and we discuss about theory of a certain subject . there be plenty of theory to study but the class be once per week for a semester . the professor provide us to understand the subject completely , afterwards , we could handle other theory by ourselves . my second reason be that we educate at school to have some idea to practise into our life after school . if we understand idea and concept at school , we can have a change to apply them into the rest of our life . hence all information and idea can be value to worth our time that be spend at school . To give a specific example , I be a professional female now , and last week I meet a realy complex problem at work . a study at university with my mathematics project help me surprisingly . because that time , I really understand the idea in the project . I also feel that I be not regret for the time that I spend at university . To sum up , it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact to give a hand to them for their future . finally it must the main point for education at school . t 	TUR
Whethere most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be be a good question . the advertisement be make to increase the selling of the product . so , majour be the quality of the product that the people know , majour be the selling . then it can be that some advertising make poduct seem much good . an example be the figure of food product , in the image on the box they seem very beautifull and also very good to eat . but when you open the box and see the product inside , you understand that the pruduct on the box be very different . when I be child and I see the advertisement of a play I would have this play because in the advertisement it move much , spok a lot and it have beautifull color . but when I take the play it be static , spok only four or five word and it have bad color . in this case the advertising be use to increase the sell unsing the little child that when they see something that look like beautifull they want that . there be also some rule that say that the advertisement must respect the quality of the product , but these rule be not always use . To tell the truth there be also some advertisemets that make seem the product as they realy be . but these be not much because if you show in an advertisement a product that be not beautifull the people prefer to buy another product that in the advertisement seem more beautifull than the other , maybe also if it cost much . 	ITA
I agree with the statement . the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . people travel in order to enjoy and take a break from our routine . some people travel for pleasure purpose but the main reason for travel be to see new place and meet new people . we can not meet new people unless we do not travel in group and as far as seing new place be concern , we can not know the history of the place without have sumone tell it to us . a person who have all the knowledge about the past present and the future of a monument , city or a country . this knowledge be well give to a traveller by tour guide . travel alone do not serve the purpose of travellin itself . we go to new place and want to explore them but we be unable to because we be new to the place and do not know where to go and what to do . a tour guide leeds us to the right place and the tell us thing we would never know if it wasnt tell to us . Specialy historical monument . there be a reason behind every historical structure ever make and visit the structure and not know when , why and by who be it make be like see the picture in a book and say we have read it . only a tour guide have the knowledge and the communication skill to make the people more familiar to a new place . we have hear about the say ` the more the merry ' , this be the right way to describe a trip take in a group . when there be other travel with us we not only get to know them and make new friend but they also add to the whole experience of travel by sharings their background , culture and experience . the kind of excitement it add to your trip be worth it . What do people get by tarevlling alone ? not even half the experience of the people who travel in a group lead by a tour guide . because they have n't meet new people , make new friend , gather knowledge about the place they have visit . for a person like me who love to talk and make friend and learn from my experience of travel to new place with new people there can not be a good option for travel other than travel in a group lead by a tour guide . 	HIN
I agree with the statement because , after all , the purpose of the advertisement be to point out the advantage of a product and this be usually achieve by exagerating them . One common scenario on TV advertisement be to show happiness situation that be not necessarily relate to the product be promote . for example , you can see a sad person in a gray rainy day whose mood change to absolute happines as the sun rise automatically when they drink a coke . even though the weather have nothing to do with people drink coke , they try to sell the idea that a refresh drink can make you happy no matter what . on the other hand , magazine and photograph base advertisement usually tend to use very simple triks such as show product big than they be , or accompany by a lot of accesories wich be not include , and sometimes not even sell at all , but make the real product look a lot more attractive . furthermore , some advertisement show result that can not be completely achieve by the product itself , to convince people to use them . this be very common in diet product , where a very thin model wake up in the morning to do some exercise but she just go to the refrigerator and drink a diet yogurth . Desite of the fact that the yogurth could only prevent you from gain extra weight , the propaganda make it look like it actually can make you lose weight . finally , another issue be that the advertisement do n't show the dissadvantages of the product or if they do , because of some reglamentation , they do it as fast an ilegible as it be possible . this be the case of alcoholic beverage ' advertisementes , which show a very small and really fast read phrase be they advertise that drink in excess be not good for your health . as a conclussion , it can be forseen that advertisement do n't usually say the hole truth about a product and one have to be very carefull in examine the real characteristic of it before buy or use it . 	SPA
yes , I agree the statement ` ` the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide ' ' . willing to travel along with a group of people be a good option rather than travel alone . there be many factor which will benfit us while we be travel in a group lead by a tour guide . firstly , by consider the security factor which be a big task in tour especially to forgien country , we can feel more security while we be along with a group of people rather than alone . even in case of some tough situation we will get the support of everybody in a group . secondly , travel in a group be economically more recomended than travel alone . we can share the experience and joy while we be travel in a group and we can benfit from most of the expenditure we will face . many tourism department in various country be offer good tourism package for the people who be come for forgien tour . they be provide discount and valid package especially people travel in a group rather than travel alone . thirdly , we can have a planned timetable and we can have lot of fun all along the tour along with our group member , we can plan more programme and event which will entertain us along with our fellow member and even we can have a large . even imagine if our group consist of various talented person , the we can organise seminar on research orient topic in a forgine land . lastly apart from the above factor i.e ; security , reduce expenditure , present individual talent and joy we get while travel in a group . we can also plan some industrial tour or join in a training programme which will enhance our skill in our job and all and travel in a group will always show up the identity where ever we tour . 	TEL
there be a common belief that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . there be people who do not believe that advertisement do not say the truth but the opponent of the subject do not think so . I also agree that advertisement make the product seem well that they really be . here be three main aspect why advertiements may lie . first to think about advertisement be their purpose of preparation . advertisement be design to convince the consumer to buy or consume that particular product . in order to convince a consumer for a product , one should make him believe that he really need that particular product or make him believe that the product be good at all . for both of the purpose , the product have to be show to be the good . this bring us the possibility that advertisement may reflect non-real fact about a prodct . secondly advertisement be prepare to increase the profit for the specific product . the producer , who would like to profit more and more , would also agree to display a non-realistic advertisement in order to make the product seem good so that increase the sale . when the sale increase , the profit also increase . in short if the product seem good , its sale increase and this lead to a high profit for the company . finally , the third purpose of an advertisement be to help the company to dominate in the market . company have to compete with each other with respect to their product in order to survive in the market . so an advertisement that show a specific product well that that of another company would make that specific company to win the race among the company . this again show that advertisement be not design to describe a product but rahter make it seem well . in short , people believe that advertisement make the product seem good thatn they really be , be right to think so . because advertisment be prepare in the thought of financial profit . a company would not agree to say the truth in the cost of earn less . 	TUR
I think that actually it be good to specialize in one specific subject rather than have a broad knowledge of many academic subject ; because in this way a person will have a great knowledge of it ' s own campus and will be able to investigate more about it , get deep into it , and dedicate enough time to get a complete management of this subject . our world be specialize , everything be divide and classify . Everything be organize and put in a way that every little thing be different to the other . the perfect examaple of this be a carreer in College . the program be divide into faculty and the career that a person can pick of , like : Engineering , business , teaching , music , medicine , etc . every single one of the mention before be specialize in a field of studie , and deal with different aspect of knowledge , math , biology , language , politics , etc . a world of possibility . it be not possible to a human be know all about something ; just a little bit of everything . if a person dedicate it ' s entire life to study astronomy ; investigate , make study , ask question , promote project , etc. , surely will get far and will adquire a huge knowledege in this field . that person will go beyond than someone who study a little bit of many academic subject . this take time and effort , and there be not enough time in a human being ' s life to get knowledge in many many different subject and get as far as if there be specialize in one specific subject . in the school , the kid get all the basic knowledge they need to start . then be their decision to go for the subject that they be more interested on . this do not mean that a person have to specialize in one and only one subject and can not know anyhting about anything else . this just mean that that person will be more wise in that specific field and will contribute more to society and the world . specialize in one specific subject be equal to a good and deep understading of it . 	SPA
the way we be educate be influence a lot what we become later . I think that have a broad knowledge of many academic subject be important . it can be very usefull when one want to interact with other people . it be essential to share idea and thougths with other . in the professional life , for instance , if somebody in a company have to work with another department , his task will be much easy if he know a little bit about the activity of this department . even if it be not a complete understanding , it will be appreciate by the other part . To give another exemple , relate to personal life this time , it be very agreable to be able to argue or discuss when we meet someone new . without this broad knowledge , how wolud we make contact , at least at the beginning ? we would obviously miss the oportunity to get in touch with peolpe . I would say that , have a broad knowledge be really a plus in life , it be like the promise to be welcome and integrate almost wherever we go . on the other hand , I think we can not only be satisfy with a broad knowledge . we need to go further sometimes . we need to be in something exciting to keep a goal to our life . and this can not be achieve without be specialize in one subject . again , professionaly speak , it be essential to be specialize . nobody can pretend to a job , which be something specific of course , if one do not know enough on this particular topic . that be why we usually start our study by general education , a broad knowledge , and then , gradualy focus , year after year , on what we want to do . plus , I think it be something very valuable for a human be to go in depth of something , to prove to ourselves that we be able to do something special , something that define us . To conclude , I would say that both approach be necessary . we need both to learn thing about our environment , about the world , in order to interact , but we need to survive , by say , ` ` I can bring you this , I can be helpfull with this ' ' . 	FRE
I disagree with this opinion that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . I will raise the reason in follow passage . first , as one of the Japanese , and one citizen of the develop country , I think there be possibility that the number of the car in use will be reduce , because particulary in City , the person can transport easily without a car thank to the sophistication of the network among train , subway , and bus . and I think in the part of suburban also develop the similary method to transport like City . but what I want to say here be that the opinion I mention now be too micro to think globally . second , I think we must think more worldwide . in the earth , there be many country want to be more develop . in these country , I think that the number of car in use be increase . the reason why the develop country will use more car in future be that , to develop the country economic capacitiy , the need of car will increase to transporate many good to commerese . I think the transporation abilitiy have a significant meanig to these country . in conclusion , to think world development , I think disagree with the opinion . 	JPN
I definitely agree with the statement ` ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well ' ' . I will explain this opinion as follow . the world be in a great stage of transformation . if people still follow to the same old traditional way and idea of the past we will not move further in our life . if Graham Bell do not try out for new thing where would have be our communication system . if Wright Brothers do not take risk where would have be out transportation system . it all be about think differently , creatively to becone successful . accord to experiment conduct our mind be very creative . it can think about wide variety of thing in wide variety of way . we must not suppress our thought to the traditional idea our ancestor follow and stick back to the rule and regulation . it may be necessary to follow some rule in some case . but in all case it be not . this try out for new thing must be cultivate from the childhood itself . take for example of a maths problem to be solve . a child must think of find a new way of find a solution rather than follow the solution give by the teacher . this make the child to well understand the problem and will never forget about it . this make the child successful and the success be carry throughout the career . in the initial stage we may be criticize for our idea but one should not be give up by such critic . we must remember that great people be often criticize . ` ` even Einstein be question ' ' . To be successful we need to go on with our idea and creativity , we need to try out for new thing every time , we need to take risk , forget the old traditional way of do thing but not to care about the criticism . we should challenge the critic . success involve a lot amount of risk when we be try out for new thing . nothing can be easlily obtain . we should never be afraid of the amount of the risk invovled but should always head towards the success after the risk . the success involve a risk give us great pleasure than success without involve risk . ' ' the fruit gain from a great risk be more tasty ' ' . its prove in past and also it will be prove thereafter that try new thing , think differently and creatively , take risk bring a great success . in this way i support my statement . 	TEL
I precisely agree to this statement . people seldome do not happen to challenge new thing sicnce they be afraid that they be go to fail on that task , in other word , they be unwilling to challenge new thing because they be uncertain and do n't think that they would success . however , in my opinion , I think what be significant be that you actually attempt on do something even if you fail . I even think that fail be more important than not attempt to try . only do what they already know be not go to make you improve more . it would make you confident in only one thing . for instance , if you a person be try and try to do on something as much as he can but he be unsuccessful , he would be successful sooner because he would realize the reason why he fail on this task . in fact , if you attempt to do something however you fail on it few time , its the lead road to success . for the person who only do what he already know , he will not improve at all but a confidence . even if this person really know what he have to do and how to do a thing well , he wo n't be as good as the person who fail and have fail many time . the chance will only come to you if you would start do and try do new thing . the more door you open , the more chance to have more opportunity . if you keep the door close , nothing would come to you . chance would come only if you open the door . people want to success , and want to have more chance . however , in order to do that , you need to make opportunitie by yourself . it seem difficult and it be , however you just have to open the door and you will see a road where fail lead to success . 	JPN
I agree with the statement that in twenty year there will be few car than there be today . as car mainly depend on fuel that be conventional , there resouses be limit . this might increase the demand for the petroleum and there product . after some year or due to continue increase in fuel cost may force people to move away from the car and they mostly depend on public transport which be quite economical and have several advantage . Governament will implement different plan to discouage people to use car by lavying heavy taxis on regestration , insurance charge , road taxis & yearly reneveal charge . which make not affordable for the people to own a car . due to continue decrease in petroleum resourses , the auto manufacturing company be focus on non-conventional sourses like Electric car , Hybrid car . as electric car be limit for certain distance and it require to charge than for some time to make it run again which be a major drawback . a hybrid car work on use more than one fuel to run , which be quite costly but it be state as a future car . in future , we may see only these car run on road . due to increase in population the number of car user increase which will increase the emmissions of gas like co2 , lead particle into the air . this will damage our environment and hazardious to health . because these gas may cause lung cancer , respiration problem . so , it be the responsibility of governament to encourage people use more public transport which make less depend on petroleum , environmental friendly , less crowd the road and economical also . 	TEL
for lot of people , travel be one of the most enjoyable experience . throughout the world , million of tourist travel every year . some of those tourist travel independantly while other be lead by tour guide . in my opinion , the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guid because by this way I will be sure that I will visit the most interisting place at the country to which I travel . I remember , for instance , my first trip to Egypt and how the tour guide insure me and the other group member seenig the most fascinating archaeological sight there . moreover , I believe that be lead by a tour guid be more secure than explore a foriegn country lonely . however , be lead by a tour guide would not be a happy experience for a tourist who want to wonder around the real city and discover the the other lively side of a country . furthermore , there be other method that can provide the same capablity of a tourist guid . for example , the book that include useful information about the place that can be enjoyable for tourist to visit , map and illustrate book . another important raeson make me prefer travel with a group that being with a group of someone ' S country or cluture would make them feel more secure and safe rather than know no one . in conclusion , I would prefer to guide by a local person who know more than me about his/her country . 	ARA
I would have to agree by the statement that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . as more and more car be rapidly produce today , the government especially have be do all its good to provide necessary public transportation throughout a nation . the space allocate for the vehicle will soon be not enough . population growth directly contribute to the increase in the number of driver on the road . highway of hundred of metre tall will anyway be fully congest with driver . with limited space or land throughout a country , any single government would surely take the step into reduce the number of car on road , which also could cause pollutions . as do the government here in Malaysia , they be try their good to reduce the number of car on the road . One move that be make to the Malaysian government on to reduce the number of car be by impose taxis . by impose heavy percentage of taxis on import as welllas the local car , it be believe to be an incentive for driver to find an alternative mode of transport . but this have obviously be prove less effective . this automatically bring them about to reduce the number of driver instead . for example of an action that have take by the government be by set an old age line for wannabe driver to be competant on the road . this delay of upcoming driver be also support by another wise move which like any other country , which be by improve the country ' s public transportation . public transportation be the one and only solution that can help curb future congestion on the road . take for example , the train . easy accessibility , low and flat price ticket and large-sized public transportation be the perfect charactheristic of a highly effective mode of vehicle which many government be vie to achieve . the most obvious example of a highly effective public transport be none other than the bullet train locate in Japan . another example be the country , Australia that I have visit . the sight of see only small number of car in the road of Australia have clearly show to me , as a Malaysian what my country should ought to be like . if in Austrialia , every now and then you can only hear a honk or the screech of the tyre , I ' m sure in twenty year down the road the roadway will be an empty one ! Thx , Sign 	CHI
at first glance , we may think that speacilazing in one subject be good for us as we can concentrate all our time and energy on just one subject . but have this kind of strategy might prevent us from to complete our necessary improvement . firstly , all kind of science have complex structure that no specific subject can be think to be completely independent from other academic subject . have no knowledge about other academic subject be something that will always limit us during our study . for instance , a computer scientist like me may never need information about science like physic or chemistry during university study . but if on one day , I need to create a software for a company that produce chemical product , I will need asistance from other people for everything that be relate to chemistry . from the project I have make for the industry , I realize that have some knowledge about every topic really help . in fact , a computer engineer can not be see as a real engineer , if he do not even have basic concept of general engineering principle . he will always will be incomplete and in need of help from other people . in addition , as far as I learn from the software industry , have broad knowledge of many subject be something that seperates you from other people in the same area and make you choose instead of other . if we really want to be good in our job , this can not be succeed by just concentrate on one subject . another fact be that there be so many interesting academic subject in the science . we may be happy if we can have spend some time on some other subject and improve ourselves . it be not a good thing to limit ourselves to just one subject all the time as there might be lot of topic that might be interesting for us . in conclusion , I agree with the statement that it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject . as we have time and resource to get knowledge about many academic subject during our university study , we should try to get familiar with the high number of academic subject and we should not limit ourselves to just one top . 	TUR
I agree about young people nowdays do not give enough time to help their community . in this day you will find and you will eveything about young people how they treat their parent and 	ARA
although many people prefer to continue do the usual job that they be professional in , I prefer to try new thing and take the risk to try . I bilieve that the most sucessful people in this world have overcome the idea of continue to do the usual job again and again . that ' S why they become unique between the other . some reaosn for why I dont ' like the usual work I already know be that it limit my thinking . innovation be a very important skill in my career and our company be spend around $ @card@ a year as an award for the good innovation . example be many which I will adress some of them next . the rich man in this world Bill Gates . if this man have remain do the same job his ceolleges use to do everyday , he would not gain all this Mony over the last @card@ year . bill gate be work in one of the software company . he have try to deveope a small program into a small operate system . he succeded and this be a big jump in the world of information technology . the operate system be develop into a further smarter one that could manage many task the computer operator use to do consume a lot of time . recently , he have release all those version of window and profit billion of money . I bilieve that he be a very sucessful man and this be because he try to invent . another exmple from my own life be when I stop by my supervisor door and say ` ` look we have discontinue do the same paper work everyday and get ready for the new challenge ! ' ' . I explain to him my idea which emplies automate the payment authorization form in our company . this form be process manually and get around @card@ form every month from the same type . I supervized the project of automate the form to be an electronic one . I be able to complete with all the appreciation and support from our high manageemnt and I have save around $ @card@ , @card@ to my company . finally , I be promote and that be all because of my new idea . now , I be teach my brother and sister on how to be innovative . I bilieve that life without innovation be a dead one . 	ARA
I think that it be a common opinion that young people enjoy life more than old people do . in my opinion this be not so far from the real situation , but it can depend on what you mean with enjoy . there many different aspect in this statement so I think that it be difficult to give a unique and clear opinion . for instance , if you like play football you will not probably enjoy yourself if you be an old man . a young boy be more powerfull and he can play for a long period of time , while an old man will probably lose his energy in few minute , not so much time for a good and amusing match . on the opposite , if you like to play your guitar , your age will not be a real problem . even if you be ten year old or seventy year old you can enjoy yourself as you want . maybe we can say that a young boy may have less problematic thought than an old person , so his innocence can let him the possibility of enjoy much more his life . for example an adult man have many more thing to do than his son . he may have no free time so the young child can do anything he want to enjoy himself , while his father have a life full of problem , so he can not enjoy as his child . there be an another aspect in this discussion that be of relevant imporatance . old people be often more rich than young people be . so they can do anything they want , because they have much more money . for example if you be a twenty year old boy and you like yacthing you may have some problem to buy one yacht . maybe you will buy it in your adulthood . at the end I think that the foundamental aspect of the topic be the possibility to be sick when you become an old man . this be a big problem and make me think that if you be a young person you will enjoy much more your life . 	ITA
some people believe that young people enjoy life more than old people , but from the daily life point of view I think that also old people can enjoy life in many way . in this modern society , city , town , and also little country offer to all age person right way to enjoy life . young peolple can meet eachothers in disco club , pub , cafe and spend their time toghether . the same thing can be do also by alder person , if the healt be good . maybe , in my opinion , young people can enjoy life with more sport than old person . young people have a youg body with many energy to spend . they have resistance and a young heart full of energie . but old people have , however , many other valid way to enjoy life . they can spend time in the park of the city , they can feed animal in the zoo , Thay can play card toghether , they can play some instrument , like guitar or piano . All those opportunity however product smile and old people feel relax . another important thing to substain my opinion be that old people have the power of the experince of their past life . this be an important force for their soul . memory of the past bring them to fall strong emotion , maybe romantic emotion . at this point , be very hard for me to come a conclusion . I ' m a young boy with many wish , and those wish be also a strange way to enjoy life . I spend a little of my free time imaging , image and dream the future . this produce in me emotion . maybe I ' ll use these emotion one day in the future . 	ITA
with the development of our country ' s economic . travel become a new fashion of spend the time of holiday . now there be a heated concern over whether the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . some people think travel in a group lead by a tour guide be the good choice . from their point of view , the guide will give you a plan and arrange your travel route . well , this might be good , if the place you want to go be in the plan of the tour guide . however , as far as I be concern , travel in a group lead by a tour guide be not the good choice . I prefer travel alone . first and foremost , trave by oneself can do whatever you want to . you can go on the Internet , search the place you admire , learn more knowledge about it , find the way to it . the follow thing be to find some time , pick up your bag , take some food , go directly to the place you want . you do not need to go to the place you be not interested in or you have ever be to . equally important be that the time for travel by oneself be flexible . you can do travel by any time in any season . if you appreciate some place of interest , just stay a little long , look around more about it . it do no matter with other . while in a group , you have to respect the opinion of other ' . in the end , another point that we should not forget be that some tour guider will take traveller to some place that people do not want to . guider may take traveller to some local market where the price be very high . meanwhile , the good be inferior . all in all , I disagree with the satement that the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . travel by one ' s own wiil much happy . 	CHI
in my personal experience , I ' ve notice that have a good knowledge of one specific subject be well than have a broad knowledge of a number of academic subject . at the University I attend different course refer to three main area : history , Law and Economics . after my graduation I can say that I have a good knowledge of a series of academic subject , but I realize that this be not so good for those who be search a job , in particular the first job experience . in fact , like all my friend do after graduation , I begin to search for a job . in try to find something adequate to my generalistic preparation , I ' ve understand that it be difficult for people who do n't have a specialization to find a job , in particular a qualified job . talk with some friend come from economic study , they all tell me that the labour market have notably change in recent year . these change take place since a strict division of work have become a necessity for company and factory , for example . consequently , it could be notice that who offer a job be generally look for qualified candidate , for people who have a high knowledge of a particular topic or , in good word , who be specialize in a specific subject . I have find that this be true , because all my friend who obtain a PhD or attend technical faculty have find a job in just a few month , while other with a more generalistic knowledge or university degree be still search for a job . in conclusion I agree with those who prefer to specialize in a specific subject , because I think that in do so , they could have more chance to find a job . 	ITA
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . I belive that a lack of altruistic and selfless act be directly spur from economic and social reason . in today ' S world , many youth do not see a valid social reason to immerse themselves in community service . although the majority of the world ' s population life in abject poverty , those who be capable of give to their community be often segregate from those who be in need . hence , the lack of awareness prevent today ' s youth from help out . speak from personal experience , I find that there be a gradual decline in my own community of youth that refuse to give or help out their community in any manner . as the president of Key Club , an international community service organization in my high school , I find it more and more difficult every year to recruit new member to replace the one that have depart . I remember when there be about @card@ member in the group - now I find that it be even difficult to gather @card@ member for the meeting . the only sense of give that can be feel in my school ' S atmosphere be purely cause from the need to ` ` look good ' ' on transcript for college . of course , I ' m sure not all of them feel this way , but I truly think it ' s safe to say that the majority feel this way . every year , monetary donation rise in Key Club as the number of member decline . this be an economic reason why I belive that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . inevitably , most of us in the world have be bring up be capitalist - when we give , we expect something back in return . however , when youth help out with their community , they do not receive something tangible as reward . hence , today ' S youth neglect to help their community . due to this fact , those who can help and give find it extremely annoy to invest their time in help other . thus , their only token of help be through monetary mean , which they believe be compensation for not give time to their community . Nonetheless , society ' S greed can even prevent the giving of money . it ' S truly a shame to look around and see that today ' S youth , or tomorrow ' S leader , refuse to invest their time when they be perfectly capable of do so . it be time that society create more awareness in young people to be willing to invest their time for other . once youth overcome their laziness , fear of help out , and learn that the great reward ( as cliched as it may sound ) be the fuzzy feeling they get from give time and help other , it will be the massive stepping stone in get the world ' S youth more involve . 	KOR
I firmly believe that young people do enjoy life more than old people . as they be young and healthy they can do such thing which old people could only imagine for their day of youth which have already pass . for instance an old person can not participate in an adventure spoort . they can only sit back and relax while watch young people do it . with their back pain and long list of medicine to take its even hard to imagine it . even if they have a heart to do it and brain to work for it even then they be unable to do it as their body dose not respond to these lofty thought . its easy for young people to adopt new thing but it be quite difficult for old people to do the same . as a person mature in life even his thought process change . he get more into the guiding thing than do it actually and in that also generally people dont like guidance they want to learn it on their own by experiment with it . this further lead to the cut off of elder people from the young once . when you dont have much people around life can not be enjoyable . ever wonder why all the player , worker , etc retire after a certain age . its because of their reduce ability and diminish spirit . an old person have to give way to a young one no matter whether he like it or not . imagine life as a coach of a team shout order at the team player and think of the day when he himself rule the field . he be their not because he wasnt good but because he can not do it any more . To some extent this can be explain biologically as well . at old age your sense begin to diminish and these be the only source of communication with the outer world . in such a condition how can you expect a person to enjoy more . with age body begin to wear down and heal process start take long time . old people can not enjoy anything to its limit . Everyone must have hear his or her parent or grand parent say - ` ` those be the good day of my life . ' ' a broad grin come on their face when you talk to them about the day when they be young . you can not expect a big proof than this when they be themselves admit it . so it can be conclude without doubt that young people enjoy life more than old people do . 	HIN
for my part I disagree with the idea that there will be few car in use than there be today . this go back to a varity of reason . primarily car today be indispensible to go to work for a lot of people . secondary car be more than that , their use be comfortable . What also matter a lot be the lack of an alternative . and there be no factor prospect , which could chance the need of car during the next twenty year . first of all car be neccessary for many people to reach their place of work . both of my parent can only get to work by car since the way be to individual and partly to wide to make use of public transportion . if you consider big citys , you can not always make use of public transportion . especially in small citys , where public transportion may only exist in small or even do not exist at all and take a bike be not possible either , you really need a car . furthermore I can not see any reason , why this state of be should change during the next twenty year . there will be no doubt . have a car to get from one place to another be - with few exception - the fastes and therefore most comfortable way . since people desire gain all amenties possible thez supposedly will not give them up voluntarily . Everyone , who one have the comfort of owe a car appreciate it . so I can so no reason in the future whz this would chance , either . lastly we lack an alternative . there be no more convienient way to travel and there be so many job in the car business . in decrease in consume would help to kill Manz thousand job . Worldwide car produce industry hold so manz job . their falling apart would be fatal . furthermore the world inhabit a very strong lobby concern the oil business , which will be interested in a further need and consumption of their oil . here another job give area exist that manz people depend on . I can not see that the influence politician might chance that . still a lot of car be sell and , in my opinion will be sell . world population do decrease in the industrial state slightly , but it will not have the effect , that less car will be in use in twenty year . consider the fact it may be a good thing , if there be few car for this would help our environment get healthier again . even so the need and lacking alternative will not chance the amount of car during the next twenty year . 	GER
How many young people do commit time to help their community at all ? judge from my personal experience I would say not many . I know maybe two people how do community work on a regluar basis . now maybe that be just fine . maybe young people be not suppose to give a help hand to their community and should focus on their education or on have un instead ? I would like to argue that this be not the case , that there be many benefit in young people do community work and thus that young people ought to invest more of their time in these activity . obviously there be many direct benefit for the community . if many young people be engage in help the elderly , give free tuition to young school kid , clear public place from rubbish the community can save on these activity and put the money to some other beneficial use . moreover the community gain indirectly from strong youth participation . accomplish meaningful task together with their peer will keep many young people from do thing that would do damage to their community . think about petty crime and vandalism . finally it be not only the community as a whole that benefit , but there be also something in for the young people who engage in community work . I may not have appreciate it from the very beginning but after a while of do community service I realize how talk to and help elderly and disabled people make me see the world with different eye . I strongly feel that I benefit from the wealth of experince that I find in an old man who have live through two world war or in the different approach a blind teenage boy take to issue like love and date . and after all in do community work you make a lot of 	GER
I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . for one example , when you think about business , a company have to make new product or explore new techiniqe to make difference from other company . if the company can do this , it can apeal cutomer the difference of there producuts or Sevice from other ' S and it can profit itself monopolicaly . for other example , when you think about a baseball team , every player shoud try new thing , because we do n't need same player so much . it make no sence to have nine powerful hitter . it make nosence to have fast runner . To consitute a strong team , the important point be the balance that can infer good outcome . so every player have to get skill that be diferrent from other ' S and new . for last example , if you be an investor , it make no sence to invest like other . Iif you want to have an advantage , you hav to invest differently . Ofcause I have to admit it be a risky action . you may get a loss sometime . so you have to recognize that there be a risk in invest differently from other . from these reason , I conclude that as long as recognize the risk of an action , we have to try new thing and teke risk . 	JPN
I agree with this statement that in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today . here be my reason : more and more people concern about the polluted problem of environment , and not only government decide to pass bill that can protect our nature environment , but also people reduce the damage to our environment . and car be one of vital damage to these pollution , because they release carbon dioxide . if people reduce to drive car by themselves , instead , use the mass transportation , the amount of carbon dioxide , which be a vital reseason that cause pollutions can be eliminate . so I think car will be few than today . second , city be develop grauatedly , more and more city will have their mass transportation , such as MRT , train , or bus . these useful development can provide a more ecnomical way to transport for citizen . in order to save money and priceless time , people will choose to use mass transportation rather than drive car by themselves . for example , although many teacher of mine have their own car , but they only drive car by themselves in rainy day . because the MRT in our city provide a cheap and comfortable journey for us . and they do n't need to drive . in addition , the expenditure to maintain a car be very big . for example , the expenditure of gasoline , the tax of car , etc . this huge expenditure would effect the willing of people have a car . finally , crow traffic situation would also make people do not want drive car by themselves . and there be still a big problem to driver : find a parking space be extremely hard . To sum up , the idea of environmental protection , more conveinent mass transportation , the expenditure of have a car , to avoid stick in a traffic jam , worry about how to find a parking space on time , all of these consideration would make few and few people to plan to have their own car . 	CHI
I have always consider travel as excellent method to know many people and to know many different culture . but it could be a little bite expensive and dangerous if you do not have the apropriate instruction . in this paper I want to disscuss about the advantage and disadvantage that we could appear when we be travel with out a suitable orientation . first at all , if we be travel in a group lead by a tour quide , we can feel safe and more confident to explore new thing and landscape . it be due to the expertise and experience that a tour guide could have . moreover , the guide could show to the traveller the important and interesting place that the group should visit during the trip . it be too important because it can be save money and time . ! you go straight to the point . it be fantastic . on the other hand , if we travel in group lead by a tour guide we can feel uncomfortable with many thing . One of them be that you can not visit some place when you want do it because it be usually that a tour guide have a travel route decide and schedule before the trip have start . add this point , you can not enjoy isoleted space and activity because most of the time you have to share different activity with tthe all group and it can be bore experience . from my point of view it be very important to travel with someone else , but if I have the opportunity to do it in group it be wonderful . because of the mutual cultural and interpersonal exchange . Youcan enjoy and involve in many activity easily . but if you group have a tour guide be excelent tool to know a a lot of place use less time and money . I think the most important issue if you want to travel be to be prepare to do it alone , in a group or with a tour guide . it doesn not matter , jus take into account your happiness and your feeling to have fun . 	SPA
nowadays , there be evolve interesting discussion pertain to whether young people do give enough time to help their community or not . in this connection , and base upon my experience as undergraduate and graduate student at the American University in Cairo ( AUC ) , I would state that it be my belief that young people be actually devote enough time to develop and make life good in their small and large community . first , I would provide express example of how AUCians have invest effort to support their small living community , that be AUC . in this regard , it be worth note that prior to start of the new academic year , AUCians usually gather in organized group that tend to make orientation to the new freshman . usually , there be group that cover wide spectrum of service that include orientation to the AUC campus include class , lab , library , and department . also , these group introduce the new student to the university catalogue and related matter such as advise , course registeration , and requirement for join any specific major . moreover , the same group make the new student familiar with the various extra corricular activity that be available on campus . another aspect of devotion of young AUCians be devote to their small community be that they join certain group that target alumnus and other sponsor in order to provide adequate funding for many of the activity that be arrange at AUC . in this way , it be evident that how the young AUCians prove to be effective in serve their small community . on the other hand , and as far as AUCians service for their large community be concern , it will be essential to highlight the role of the different club at AUC . AUC host many club that be fully operate through young student and aim at make life good in Egypt . there be many club that include , inter alia , help club , cancer club , and hand in hand club . the help club be a club that aim at provide the poor people in Egypt with good living condition . this be attain via gather donation from AUC young student and use the same to buy food , clothes , home , and shelter for the poor people . furthermore , the cancer club concentrate its effort on collect donation to support patient of cancer in their tough struggle with this severe disease . along the same line , the hand in hand club aim at visit elder people who be host in various elder house . during these visit member of the hand in hand club tend to provide the say elder with their need and try to draw a smile on their face as a simple reciprocation for the sincere effort in their youth . accordingly , it go beyound doubt that the young student at AUC play a vital role in serve their large community . in light of the above , and base on life example of the young student at AUC , it can be conclude that young student have feel their belong beleonging to their society . thus , they have enthusiasm and dedication to help and serve their community . 	ARA
in twenty year from now there will be few car in use thank to the technologycal progress . if in the past century technologycal progress be often link to negative consequence like deep industrialization and exploitation of the naural resource , in the more recent year the idea of a technologycal progress that can get along with nature or even help nature spread both in the scientific world and public opinion . that be why modern scientist be look for a kind of car who do not pollute the air , work on a project about a car engine that do not use petrol but something alternative . this alternative power could be hydrogen , and rumour have it that scientist already invent it but it can not be solt because of market reason . moreover , public transportation be get cheap and cheap , so that in the future most of people will use it . people in the future will be much more interested in enviromental problem , just like we be more respectful towars nature than our ancestor . it say , in fact , that in the past city be more noisy and polluted than nowadays , and some ancient author write that when Rome be the capital of the Roman Empire it be almost impossible to fall asleep in the city even at night , and that the noise be unbearable . government , especially in the western world , start to feel the problem connect to the uncontrolled use of car , and they will probably vote some politics to make the people prefer not pollute engine or other kind of transport . also , since they learn the lesson from their own past , western government will teach the country which be now get industrialized new way to produce and get rich with no deep exploit of the land that may cause natural disaster like it happen in the recent year in some area of the world . 	ITA
Whenever we be discuss about the study , one thing we should always take into the consideration be that there should not be any conflict , on the matter in my point of veiw person ' s academic backgruond make that person more strong in his future so as in the student life they should never deni or refuse for the further education , because it may give them somewhere less status int he society which might in future lead him in the depression . in my opionion , i feel it be alway good to have specialize in one subject than have only the broad knowledge of the many academic subject , because l feel lot may thing might make student puzzle as dont have the enough complete knowledge of any subject , but if a student be Master in a subject he can definately make a successful life he will definately have the all detail information of the subject and no one will challenge him at any point of his subject and he can do much progress in his carriar not only in the knowlege but economically also that student become more confident , independent and able carry his life with all leisure , and he will grow up in his life . many other professional will promote him and as his experience will keep him onthe high peak of sucess , and satisfaction , his income , respect , and the position where he be work will definaltely keep on increase . and , all these thing finally relax him in the end of his life , he will have the satisfaction about the professional victory he have gain in his life , every specialisation will differ each one from the other and he or she become a specific knowledegable person and will gain all the importance in himself . finally , i want to conclude Be SPECIALIZE WITH A SPECIFIC SUBJECT it will complete circle of education . 	HIN
with the television and the other mass medium in the last @card@ ' s year we have see a development of the advertisement . the advertisement be use to improve the market of a good , but in a fair market the advertisement can not be false , the adrevrtisement have to show the good in a realistic way . it be troue tought that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be , but the point be that the product be the same but there be under , uncover , a communication game that can change the perception of the peaple , sametimes be a music , sametimes the combination of the color , other time the situation that be rappresented . so , the point be not the quality of the product , but how you feel when you have that product . I think that customer have to know that advertisement sametime change the real importance of a product , that there be a psicologically game under the advertisement . be important understand how the information be real and what be fair in the market and if be fair that advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . the most important example i think be the cigarette advertisement , this can show us how a bad good , nocive for our healty , be trasmetted like a good product . I think that everybady should think before buy something . 	ITA
the life be very beautiful if you know the way that you can enjoy for it . every one should enjoy in this life befor he/she die . I agree that young people enjoy the life more than old people do because they be healthy , they have a lot of time , and they like to go out always even they be busy . the young people be healthy than the old people . the people when they go out they only see young people play outside and they be enjoy when they play . for example , everyday I go outside with my friend to play football and other game if we do not have a lot of work to do for school . the old people be always busy with their work so they do not have a lot of time to enjoy in this life like a young people . the old people they have to put time for enjoy . always I ask my father to put time for us to have fun and go out to enjoy but he always say yes but he do not do it until now . the old people when they busy they do not take a break for them to have a rest , but the young people they give themself time when they feel angry or tired . for example , I give my self time when I be tire but my father not and I ask him why but he do not give me an answer . in short , everyone be young will enjoy the life more than old people . in my opinion , everyon have to enjoy in their life every moment . 	ARA
in my opinion , specialize in one specific subject be well than have a broad knowledge of many academic subject because of the nature of knowledge such as plentiness and complexity . since the 17th century , many invention be make . information use to make these invention and information provide by these invention be accumulate such that noone alone can know all of these information . for example , in a typical university there be principal department such as natural science faculty , literature faculty , social science faculty etc . . all of these department have also subdepartments . in my university , for instance , business administration , aconomics , international trade be subdepartments of social science faculty . a person can only attend only one of these subdepartments such that it be impossible to finish all of these departmens at the same time . so have a broad knowledge in many academic subject be not that much possible . another reason be the complexity of knowledge in any specific subject . when you want to cure an illness for example to cure the illness AIDS , you should specilize on virus which be the cause of AIDS . know many academic subject such as optic , pschology , literature will not make any use to cure AIDS . since you can only learn by do it , specialize be good . consequently , specialize be good than broad knowledge . 	TUR
successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . I completely agree with the statement above . Albert Einstein quote , ` ` try to be a man of value and not a man of success . ' ' Success follow people who be innovative in their idea and be expressive to present them freely . Albert Einstein never set out to come up with the ` ` Theory of relativity ' ' . it be his desire to explore and question every aspect of everyday life which bring him the fame to be the inventor of ` ` Theory of relativity ' ' . constant change be the human nature . and the people who bring about this change in an evident manner be the one who be ready to think out-of-the-box . century ago , everything be do on paper , storey to account , medicine to religion etc . today , everything be write on tape drive and store electronically . Thank to mankind , who be constantly look for option to change . we go from pen to typewriter and then to computer and to super computer today . the numerous invention make in every field of life be all because some one somewhere be think beyond the way which they know how to do well . it be the quest to do thing good and add value to what be be do today , which lead to new discovery . take an example of Bill Gates , he be successful today because he start Microsoft , a Windows operate System which sit in almost every household today . his desire to do something new bring him this fame . and his quest to constantly bring about the change to the world be keep his success intact . in summary , it be see all around , people who have take the risk to do something new be the one who get success and fame . 	HIN
I do not believe that in twenty year , there will be few car in use than there be today . many factor contribute to my belief . these factor include the current state of driving , current driver and development in the area of drive . through this investigation , it will be show why I disagree with the statement . the current state of drive today , be one that have morphed several time , to reach where it be at . before car ever exist , people find other way of transport such as boat and horse . the general aim be to be transport or transport item from place to place . the first car that be produce , revolutionize the transportation system . people become more time efficient in reach where they want to arrive at . technological advance be make everyday , so as car start to become faster , people start to lose sight of the purpose of a car . now fast car constitute fast driver . people now place more importance on the pleasure of speed and perform stunt , rather than get to where they need to be . this state of driving have an effect on the driver . today , we find that more adolescent be interested in car than before . as young adult , they enjoy extreme and risk , and the young age at which they be grant a license do not help . most accident in my country of Bahrain be attribute to speed of young people , and the fact that the mortality rate increase each year , seem to have no effect whatsoever . now , for a driver seek an adrenalin rush and a living on the edge attitute , the right technology have to be develop . as I mention before , car today be fast and technologically well than before . we should acknowledge that advancement will not cease , and if we take other life factor into consideration , we see that car be demand and be need even more . as job requirement relate to car change , so do car expectation . new road be always be build and so fast , more reliable car need to be engineer accord to the newly build road . no matter what be do to reduce car usage , such as increase the age requirement , or investment in other mode of transportation , I believe that people can not give up on car due to the privacy and efficiency it provide . logically speak , if the world progress we go forward , not backward , and so in conclusion , forward to me mean more car and not less . 	ARA
I agree that young people enjoy life more than old people do . Unfortunatly , I sometimes hear that elder people be bore in their daily life . there be some reason why I think young people enjoy life more tahn old people do . first , young people have a lot of energy to move their body . some of them enjoy suports , travering , and work . they can do many activity . even though they be tired , they sometimes continue move without enough rest . if they sleep well , they will be fine the next day . furthermore , many of them do not have serious health problem . many elder people have something health problem , even though they be healthy life . because they have be old , it be natural thing . many young people do not have health problem which elder people have . in addition , the life style between young people and elder people be different . when I visit a retirement home , an activety director say , if I could come there as much as I could , it would be helpful for them to escape from boring time . they usually stay in the home because it be hard for them to go out by themselves . therefore , if they do not have any outside activity , they spend their time on a sofa to watch TV . however , young people can go anywhere and anytime by themselves . they can choose how they act on their daily life , but for elder people , they can not have the kind of choice . these reason show young people tend to enjoy their life more than elder people do . young peple have some benefit to enjoy their life more than elder people , so they should enjoy their life . if young people provide enjoyable life for elder people , the elder people have more enjoyable life than they use to have . 	JPN
nowadays people be live in a mixed world with all kind of generation and where the community grow faster . How help yours communauties with the time you have ? ? ? Fisrt of all , in my opinion , I be a student of twenty year old , and I would say that in your evderydaylife , you never find anought time for all you want to do . as far as I be concern , I would say that give time for other people , or be investigate in an activity requieres to you a lot of human qualityand a strong engagement . it might not be easy to help our communauty when you have responsibilty at work , at home , with child . in order to manage a good way of live we have to make choice at any time during our own life . secondly , we can considerate the problem with a different point of view . if you be live in a huge town it will be more difficult to help communauty than live in the country . thank to there small village in the country , everybody know everybody . the fact of the densification of the popuation , it ' s easier and faster to make link and create central meeting . obviously , the communauty will grow up with helpful young . I do n't really agree with the fact that young people do not give enough time to the communauty . for example , sometimes in your job , the director ask to you hight resposabillities , even if you did'nt choice you have to control and help your company . but what we forget it be the fact that it it probably for the biologic research , and htne the communauty progress . To believe that young peolple be not enought helpful with the communauty will be wrong , their behavior be different . they stay investigate in this huge world . 	FRE
some people might say that its good to a ` Master of one than be a Jack of All ' . but in my personal opinion , its good to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in just one . life be make up of not just thing , but a variety of thing and subject . it be important for any individual to know atleast the basic of almost all , if not all , subject . life be integrate with various issue . the main reason for me to support that experience and knowledge be need in various aspect of life be to survive in this constant-changing world . World can take up any turn in any time of life . it be hard to predict the twist in the market . market in one field can drop down suddenly one day , and all business in that field will close . so its good to have knowledge of other field , atleast the preliminary knowledge and skill so that the person can think of start up of new business if one do n't work . second point be recreation . if a person know few more thing to do life other than his regular routine work , it will be like a change for him , which he can enjoy and have fun . you get to know more people around you when to interact , and will help to build relationship between them . its a part of our duty to maintain a balance of everything in life . let us consider one example , currently its the trend of computer and technology , and many people will only take up subject in Computer science and neglect other aspect like Ecology , sociology and Economics . who should care for the betterment and preservation of nature and nation , if no person be knowlegeable about the least the basic of ecology . Everyone should be aware of thing take place in and around his place , his society and nation as a whole . general knowledge be require to be successfull in life . every business tycoon in this country have a varied field of experience and knowledge . if we consider the owner of McDonald ' s , who be not just a hotelier but a realtor too . only because of this , he be able to start up million of McDonald ' s center in every busy commercial corner of the World . he integrate his knowledge of marketing and real-estates into the knowledge of food-industry . thus to conclude , in my view I feel that to lead an independent and successful life , its necessary to have broad knowledge of many academic subject and strongly agree with the statement . 	HIN
I would like to disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people and would present argument against the topic . first of all we need to clearly define the word - ' ' enjoy life ' ' . a lot of us misconstrue the real meaning of these word . true enjoyment mean something do to bring joy and happiness to oneself or love one and not as a public demonstration effect . this be especially true for old people . after have experience life and go through different stage during their life time , old people be much more experienced and mature in their outlook . therefore they would seldom indulge in activity which be popularly see as be part of enjoy life . young people on the other hand , due to a variety of reason which can include peer pressure , need to experiment , energy , enthusiasm etc. be often see indulge in the more demonstrable form of activity which can classify under the broad term - enjoy life . so while old people might not go out as often for travel or adventure trip or movie or party , they have their own set of activity like book reading , gardening , religious activity , community event etc. to complete a happy and enjoyable day . I also believe that while at a young age people often enjoy themselves by indulge in self drive activity , at an old age human being get more happines , satisfaction and enjoyment by do thing for their close and love one . for example a father who invest day and night to build a house so that he and his family can have a secure shelter for a lifetime get an equal amount of satisfaction and happiness as do a young adventure trekker . this gesture should not be miscontrued as evidence of not enjoy life . therefore in conclusion I would like to state that enjoyment be not dependent on one ' S age . it be a state of mind which all human being strive to achieve through various method and activite during the different stage in their life cycle . 	HIN
I think the good way to travel be by alone , not in a group lead by tour guide . in my country , there be a lot of tour agency to different country . however , travel should definetly alone because there be not much time the guide give , travel alone be more flexible to control time and place to go , and tour information they five can be find indivisual . in my personal experience , tour guide give not enough time to see something in one site . for example , I once have a travel to Northeastern United States . I go to New york first . one amazing place be Broadway . those musical poster , commercial , and store attract me . however , the guide give me only one hour . I want to visit the store and see a musical , but in one hour , all I could do be take photoes and buy a suvenier . if someone be go to travel , he must have flexible time to stay and do something they want to do . musical , cup of cofee or shopping be their choice . if people travel alone or by their personal group , they be more flexible in time and decide where to go . when I be in Cuba , I want to go to the beach , but the day , it be rainy , so I change my plan to stay indoor . and at evening I enjoy dinner on cool temperature beach . if someone travel in group with tour guide , you can not change plan , you may go to beach on a rainy day . also , you might go to somewhere you do n't want to go and waste hour in a bus . people find tour guide because they be not good in that place . however , inventon of Internet , and so much book about that place , tell everything about it . people can find map , place where view be good , where to eat delicious food . then people can choose place to go by themselves . my parent , once go to Italy , with only a book , and enjoy everything without problem . for these reason , it be fun and also very practical to travel alone or in a personal group . flexible scedules and indivisual preference be the most important thing when people travel indeed . 	KOR
I disagree with the give statement becuase I strongly believe that society have manage to reach the hieghts that it have today through specialization and division of labour . specialization be a theory that emphasize the importance of concentration in one particular field . when this theory be employ by factory and manufacturing plant , it result in a dramatic increase in production . Ofcourse specialization have its drawback and fault which be cause due to lack of knowledge in other field , but the benefit of know one thing really well , greatly outweigh the fault of specialization . a reason why specialization be so successful be because eventually ( usually after @card@ year or so of schooling ) , people realize that they be good at somethings than other thing , or they realize that they have a passion for a certain field and that that ' s what they want to do for the rest of their life . at this point in time it become apparent to them that other knowledge , that do n't further their understanding of their subject choice , be a waste of time . after all , if some one wish to be a mechanical engineer , why do he need to know the literary feature that Shakespeare have use to capture his audience attention . I ' ve already decide what I want to do in life , and to tell the truth study thing like Spanish and Business seem to divert time away from my goal of become a research scientist . I love reading about the late medical breakthrough and discovery , but all I get by learn Spanish be frustration and low mark . I sincerely doubt the importance of Spanish in the long run , I mean sure it might help me communicate with people who only know Spanish , but how many people will I meet like that . through my personal experience I ' ve learn the importance of knowledge in all area , but I ' ve also see the importance of specialization , and in my opinion , to know one thing very well be a lot well than know relatively nothing in everything , 	HIN
by the name of Allah in the first we will describe the main line of our subject : : First : student understand idea . second : student concept idea . the main goal of this subject be ` ` learn fact ' ' . now , I will begin from the presentation of subject to the student , it depend if the subject concern to the : A. Scientific subject : I will say its not important to understand because the student should take the subject from other look , for example if the teacher talk about the sun rise from the east side no one must descuss the teacher for that because there be no result for the descussion if they talk day for that , they would not take any additional information , so , I think and my opinion in the scientific subject not important for student to understand idea but may the teacher explain that upon the earth movement in short briefly word . B. Art subject : now here the subject be open why because the subject it have not any constant rather than the scientific subject . so , may the teacher gived the information to the student and part of them agree for that or may another part do not agree , for example let we talk about the beauty of the ' ' monaliza board ' ' , so may the most student agree there be secret in her smile but not all could deal that set from the art or it come while he do not know - I talk about ' ' Leonardo Davincy ' ' , so I think not important for student to understand idea and concept C : medical subject : that regard for the medecin student they must be understand every thing about humen there be no datum pass as it be every detail should be discuss , so here I think there be need for the student to understand to learn the fact finally , I talk about subject from out look may my opinion be mistak but in the last I will say that not for the student school because they in build stage they must understand every thing and my opinion may apply for the upstair student like in the university or high studentd level , but I think you must understand to learn fact until the fact keeped in your brain as much as . 	ARA
have a broad knowledge of many academic subject seem more interesting than specialize in only one subject , however , we ought to determine all the advantage and inconvenients to make our mind , I be convince about the great importance of master at least several subject in order to increase our general knowledge , it seem nowadays indispensable to be aware of a lot of subject that belong to vary for example , we be to be able to talk about politics , ecology , communication and business , and this would not be possible if we do not get broad knowledge in history , biology or mathematics , if not , we will not feel concern about very important subject that be part of our life , that the reason why we need to accumulate a lot of knowledge while we be still in college , after be part of this learn process , and only after that , you will be able to choose one specific subject that correspond truly to your personality , your skill and your motivation . then , you might be further in the subject you have choose to express yourself in the good way , whether if you be previously not interested in other general subject , I be afraid that it would be difficult to envision thing in a very mature and complete way , to conclude , you should have a look around you to be open6minded whatever your speciality may be in order to be able to use a wide range of skill , 	FRE
as we know every community be builded by their people . people such old person or young person work together to make great nation and provide good life . in my opinion , I dont agree with the follow statement ` ` young people nowdays do not give enough time to help thier community ' ' . Becouse the most important role in create any powerful nation be her young people . Becouse they have the powerful and young mind to keep develop it . nation that give the hand and support for its young people we find it aproud of its acheviments . young people be participate in different side of coumminty . they work in teaching , engineering , medicene , and hand craft to provide the good environment of raise new generation of young people . these new generation will continue carry the future of the nation and its development . as we see today , in lebanon be the war be kill all people and destroy building . young people stand thier to help their nation in hospital and in place war arrive to it . and to share them their pain and fear . while other young people be stand to defend their land from this war and its result . young people give their life for the community and the nation should be the example and the leader for all young people around the world . Finaly , nation and community be measure by thier young people and their achivements . more powerful young people , more powerful nation it be an easy eqaution have just two variable . and the young people who raise on old people hand continue to carry the message for all generation come after . 	ARA
the fact that the number of car in use in the world have increase a lot since their invention be of course not discuss . but one can really ask himself if there will be more of few automobile in twenty year . despite the fact that we can truly believe , for several reason , there will be few car , I personally think there will exist more car in use in twenty year than there be today . the main reason of this theory be , first , that people have , have , and will always love car . second , an automobile be too useful for disappering from the surface of the planet . third , the law against pollution be not very effective . first of all , people have deeply love car since the beginning , and there be no real reason why it will suddenly stop . car carry an image of wealth and happiness . it could also be part of certain dream and fantasy since they be often use in movie , for example . moreover , a car be fondamentally very helpful . it be a convenient way of transportation , a very flexible one . my opinion be that there be not any other invention , to date , that allow people to decide to leave a spot for another one and go off immediately . I bet there will not be one either in the next decade . another example of the usefulness of the automobile be that you can put more personal stuff in it than when you travel by plane or by train for instance . finally , the political battle lead against car pollution do not permit the number of car to dicrease . thus , I think this uneffectiveness will continue in the future . for example , if it be true that people drive car in Mexico have to pay more taxis , it be still the most polluted city in the world , because of number of car in use in this town be still the same . I think this will also continue in twenty year . To sum up , there will be probably not be few car in use in twenty year because of the three major reason I express . but , of course , it be only a guess , since nobody , can really predict future 	FRE
a world with few car ! sound preposterous now . but I think this be go to be a reality in twenty year from today . there be various reason why I hold this opinion . these include population growth , fuel crisis , and popular consciouness about environment . the population of the world be only grow by the day . naturally , we would expect more car to roll on the road . but , we do not realise that land be not grow in proportion to people . with limited land , there will come a time when we will not be able to find more space for our car . then the recourse be mass rapid transport system , which discourage car-use . this have already be see in Delhi , India ' s capital city where Delhi Metro Rail system have be create to deal with the stress that increase vehicular population be create . now , we see that the number of car have indeed come down on the road because people find it more convenient to take a train to office , at a negligibel price , rather than maintain an own car . another reason why the number of car might go down be the shortage of fuel . oil crisis be here for real . it be become increasingly difficult to satisfy the energy need of the world . very soon , the price of oil be go to increase very highly . early sign can already be see . in such a case , run a car can be very expensive . research on alternative fuel , like biofuels or solar power , be still in nascent stage . thus , it will be very difficult for the common man buy fuel for his car . in India , the price of petrol have be increase steadily and my family now go out in car , only when it be really necessary or when all the four of us have to go out together . otherwise , we use bike or , simply , the public transport system . the last reason why I think that car be go to be few be popular sentiment against environmental pollution . car use fuel which increase environmental pollution . therefore , some country , like those in the Nordic region , encourage their citizen to use bicycle which be more eco-friendly . they be also a healthy option in comparison to car as they keep the rider fit . thus , concious citizen support such idea . this trend seem to be catch up , which make me believe that it will in future become very popular . in that case , the prospect for car look bleak . To conclude , I believe that car be go to become rare in the year to come because of a variety of factor . these include shortage of two resource : land and oil . these be go to be scarce because of grow population , in which case car will not be viable . finally , when people become more eco-friendly , they would look for option other than car , which will affect the prospect of these automobile . 	TEL
someone think it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to sprcialize in one specific subject . in my opinion , but I disagree it . I think it be good to specialize in one specific subject . To have broad knowledge of many academic will cause many negetive result . firstly , if you want to have broad knowledge of many academic subject , you must spend much more time to work hard . you will hvat to give up many other important thing . you will not have enough time to play sport and your health will be bad . otherwise , you will not have enough time to communicate with your family and friend . you will fall lonely after a long period . secondly , even you have spend so many time to work hard and you have broad knowledge of many academic subject finally . but probably , you only know some common information of many academic subjedts and be not good at one special subject . for example , a physician who know many knowledge of history , computer , plant and so on . he must have not enough time to study his medical knowledge , so he will not a good physician . otherwise , if everyone all have broad knowledge of many academic subject . in the result , they can do all kind of job but they can not do them very well . in a conclusion , I think people should have special knowledge in one specific subject and review broad knowledge of many academic subject but not spend too much time on them . because broad knowledge can give you more idea of your special subject . 	CHI
Nowdays talk lot of between a young peopel about the does'nt enough time to help their community . and they be serching for solve this problem but everey person have diffrent ideya fore solve problem . in my opinion , I thing every person must give the free time for themself becaus some time the peopel need the free time for relaxing or other thing but I dont no why some peopel joust think abut the work and and mack money but , they dont think them self or help their community , inaddithin after the time pass this peopel be tierd and everey time be boring and they dont want work ect , however , i thing working be so good but be not so much or everey time peopel thing about work , work and help community be complet to each other when the person have free time and help community they can good work , to conclud , i like work each other whit help community ang enjoebel becaut everey person live jast 2 day 	TUR
I think successful people try new thing and take risk when do new thing be good than do what they already know . I agree with the successfull people , because if the people be successful for wat they be then they can be able to think for new thing . obviously while try new thing risk may take place , but if we be worry about the risk then no one can be successful in their life . for example the scientist will produce new thing by take may risk if they be think that this work be very risky to do then now we ca n't get this light , radio , tv and satellite and many more which we be use in in our daily life . so for every achievement there be many risk take for the thing to do . so successful people only can think of the future , for every achivement there be many risk take by many person for those achievement . for example if we be not try for good future and be happy for what we have , then we will never succeed in our life . finally my opinion be to agree with the hard working people i.e. , successful people . because if the people be not successful then they ca n't think for their further future . so for every success there be many risk have be take to achieve it . so finally i agree that successful people try new thing and take risk be good . 	TEL
a lot of people always ask : ` ` would be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subjets than to specialize in one specific subject ' ' , and I always base my answer in my personal opinion to answer yes . I answer with a yes because if I have knowledge in many academemic subject , I will have more option to find a job . I say be important to have knowledge in many subjetcs because the live in every country be different . the life be like fill with stone where you need to be prepare to move to do not fall . I be a high school student hop to get accept in a university . I want to major in physic . I do not know if I will be able to find a job when I finish college , but I be sure the most I know , the more opportunity I will have to find a job . in the life be necessary to know a little bit of anything . this be simple . I be from Ecuador , and in my country the life be very difficult . if I have knowledge in a specific subjet , I be no go to have any money to live like a normal person , this means , I can not pay for my food , I can not pay a place to live , and I can not pay my study . the life have stone . if I be invite to a important phisics meeting , I would know I be go to participate in the meeting , but what will happen if somebody ask me something different than physic , and I do not have an answer . I will be remember that pour situation for year and I do not want that . finally , if for any reason that happen , that would encourage me to study more and more . 	SPA
I agree that young people do not invest much time in help their community . there be many influence on all people , so also on the young one , that be different nowadays and in the past . these influence change people ' S behaviour . in the past the personal contact someone have be within a relatively small area and the dependency on each other be great than today . therefore there be more social community and also young people do their part for the community . nowadays the range of people someone know be spread over a much big area so that there be not longer the close relationship to people in your nearby community . there be other factor that encourage young people to focus more on themsleves than on other . in the whole society there be the pressure of be successful with everything that someone be do . because these people need the time for be successful there be none or only little time leave to spend it for the community . also , the interest move from care about the community to care about oneself . mainly people follow just their own business and do not care about other , wether they belong to the same community or not . another reason may be that life be more anonymous than it be in the past . people do not know each other , even if they live in one house , they might not have be meet . if the people do not know their community , why and how should they care about them ? finally I would like to consider the point of responsibility for relative and the money include . in the past family live together much closer than nowadays . people have another opinion of be responsible . today they do not care that much anymore about their relative themselves , they rather care by spend money that someone take care about the family member . there be many influence today that be different in comparison to the past , that change the willingness of young people to help their community . 	GER
successful people tend to try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . why I use ` ` tend ' ' above be that that be a possiblility , not an absolute solution for the successful people , otherwise the answer should depend on how to define ` ` successful people ' ' and how do successful people success ? if success mean money , and someone who be call successful people comparatively , but not a real money bag like Bill Gates , there be no absolute answer for success . however , even in that case , the possibility for the success be consistently change up to definition of success or how much be they successful . apparently , the possibility for success be give to the people who be willing to try something new . because in the field that have be well-known benefit maker . many people have already take their benefit from that , not much thing other people can gain and it could be call as monopoly . it ' S like fossil fuel depletion . small part of the world be still take big gain from the fossil fuel , there be no chance to get enter in that industry , because that fileds be already full with prior property . in a give situation like their DNA , such as their look or how they be smart , like how much money do they get from their parent , the possi ble way to improve their possibility for success be to challenge to uncovered world . even though they be have the risky business which be originate from itself ( becuase it ' s new ! ) the people who only do what they already know how to do well can not easily catch up with those people who try to do something new and their great-great success rather than great or just success . I be aim great-great success like I write above , what i require to get the goal be to improve my credativity , to be enough creative to find something new and explore it . there be a word in my country ` ` if the water be stick in one place , those will be decay . ' ' 	KOR
travel in a group lead by one guide may have a number of advantage , while travel in a group lead by many guide to a trip may become harmful to the individual . because of the sole guide ' S control and ability to be follow necessarily , it be more beneficial for his group to follow him individually than to follow many guide . control the group of tourist by one controller be more beneficial for follower . the reason why be because one guide can govern his group so that no one else would affect his decision . like the one heart of our body , the person who lead his group without any one else in a tour can make all of them to follow him necessarily . otherwise , it be hard for them to continue their tour . for example , if they choose to follow more than one person , this person will say if traveler depend on one guide in their tour , it , even if tall , will be more successful than if they choose to follow many guider . 	ARA
succesful Person I agree that succesful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well because they have creative , not hesitate personality , adn they do n't afraid . people who try unique thing and take risk can be creative because they be openmind and old thing which be know be not enough for them , they be hungry new thing . for example , in my country which still have be develop , a person start to sell a new kind mp3 player and he spend considerably huge money . while he be do this , he take a risk because while he be do it , there be many mp3 player and generally people do not want change their habbitant in my country . but he do not care it and he enter the almost evfery shop and people have start to buy this new kind of mp3 player and it have be common . however people who take risk do not hesitate because they have challenging personality . do a person hesitate while make a decision , he can not be succesful . succesful person can make their decision in every cicumstance . for example , my friend have a shop and it be almost @card@ year old . there be a problem about economy in my country and many shop owner close their shop because they could not stand agains it . even though my friend suffer from it , he do not closed because he make some important decision in this cicumstance , and he do not hesitate . now , he be work in same place . also succesful people do not afraid from anything such try to do new thing . some owner afraid from do new thing , they think that if I can not sell it , I will lose my company . even they who be company owner think like this , if they do it , they would earn more money and they would be big . in conclusion one who take risk and do unexample thing , he or she will be succesful . 	TUR
like war and foreign policy also a big part of our future depend on oil and fossil-resources . there be two possibility in my opinion . the first one be that there will definitelty be few car in use than today . because there might not be enough oil to provide fuel for the million of car . but one have to consider that the consequence be that not only car be affect . one could easily say that a car be not that important . but if there be no fuel leave for the car , there be either non for the bus , for a taxi , for the loanmower and for airplane . nobody will go nowhere . I personally could take my bike and go to the grocery store , but what for ? there will be no possibility to do my grocery because the shelf will be empty . if there be no fuel for car , then there be no fuel for truck that take the grocery to the supermarket . and this be only the peak of the iceberg . there will be no production , no traffic and even today hightech might break down . I do not want to paint this vision of the future too black . there be another possibility . since we know that the whole traffic and one could even say the world be too dependant on fossil resouces such as oil , we could change that . there so many sophisticated scientist who work on solution on how to gain energy . and they have result , like wind and sun als renewable enery resouces . we could already reduce the need for oil , if we for examlpe buz our vegetable from a farmer in our town . then less truck would be need . whatever we do we need to start change our energy-wasting habit now . then in twenty year there might be as many car as today but they will run with non-fossil energy . but I do definitely think that there will be less car that run by fuel in twenty year . 	GER
in my opinion fact be more important than the other . because idea and concept can change easily but fact can not change because it be real thing . somebody live or something like that . if we look all the history book that write about the world : we can see a lot of different idea and concept . for example : in World War II some country say that their country do the right thing and on the other hand their enemy say that they just defense their country so there be right . I can give more example but i want to try to explain this example ; if you want to do something you have to have reason so it can not change person to person so it be real . but everybody have angle to look at the situation everbody can say i be right and this be ihe idea but no body change the fact . if i want to learn something i really have to know fact . of course we should learn the concept and understand the idea but these be not the main thing . because i want to have my own opinion about something . however concept be important to create an idea but if you learn fact you can imagine the concept and you make your own true . Unfortunatelly this be really difficult , a lot of people choose the accept another people right . but not me . if live in a democracy we have to decide our own way : we can choose our idea and concept . if we really want to do this we should have knowledge to say something which we have an idea . the last thing be i read a lot of thing about U.S. but when i go their i see the real U.S. it be not the same as my past opinion . Thats why i can not totally believe all the idea that some people have and i can not accept all the concept that somebody tell me . 	TUR
successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only diong what they already know how to do well . most people wil agree on this statement , and few will not . What make people believe in this statement or agree with it be that it ' s true about successful people that they be risk taker . and what will make people do not agree with the statement be maybe because they think that take risk be not what a successful person be base on . its a matter of different opnion . the cause why people belief in thsi statement be that , in business study they study about successful people an about how can you be a successful business man when you grow up . so the thing be there be a chart list the basic charcteristics of a successful person , and a risk taker be one of those basic characteristic an its actually one of the most important characteristic in a successful person . however , they agree with this statement because its base on true fact and on study that have be teach for student in school so they can not be mistaken or wrong in what they teach the student . on the other hand , people who do not agree with the statement , be that they just belief in their own opinion and in what they think . and that ' S not wrong , it ' s good for a person to belief in himself . but in ome case you have make sure from what you say or what do you belief in , so for you to not be embaressed infront of other people . at the end i would like to give my opinion , and its that i actually do agree with the statement . because i study in my school and specifically in business study that from the main characteristic of a successful person be to be a risk taker an to try new thing . 	ARA
I believe that be well the person specialize in one subjetc . we need study evrything to choose this subjets , depend of as quality . we quality be so differentes one to the other , but always , we have more develop in one to the other . it be my opinion about this topic . . for example : I love play tennis and I practice every day , I can play with the other person and understand everything about that . if I have a problem or the people ask me something about that , I can explain because I know about tennis . but , if other people ask me to the soccer and he want play with me , be so different , because I ' m not play soccer and I not have practice to that sport . if he teach me I will can play , but I ' m well to other sport . if I want to learn to sport at the same time , I will learn but I ca n't develop all day in only one sport . I need concentration in the two sport . we need have different observation about different subjetc or in this cause sport before to choose any one . be neccesary stay sure about your decision . be the same with the subject ' S , I can to learn the basic to each one but I need prepare in only and in my future will know everything about my career . if you can develop perfect the subject , now , you can find out to the other and can the same effort that the first . sometimes we hide many positive thing , but we dont know about that , with the practice we can take off and show this hability ! we can plan our future be only our decision . but for my life or for you life be neccesary of the study . 	SPA
` ` Mom i do not want to to study these theory again and over again ' ' say my little child , so many question about this cross my mind like ; what be really more important for a student to know , understand idea and clear perception or take fact as they be print in their text book ? this issue that describe the type of learning , be really a contreversial issue for plenty of reason , and as learn be concern , i wish to see change in the learn way at many level and angle . , I personally , strongly believe that a person in general , should be give the opportunity to understand the idea and concept , first , becasue that be what shape a person ' S personality , let us take young child as an example , most of these child have their personality shape when they turn ten year old , because all the abundant perception , knowledge , idea and even thing which they like and thing , which they dislike have already configure , a soldier be another example , this fighter learn the concept of love his country when he be a kid , do not he ? ! ! another thing i would really do , if i have the chance to change something in how our young student should be tought , that i would build a whole city of learn , and i would make it unique in its give course , it would be build base on the concept of loylaty , love , team work and encouraging individual talent , moreover , no normal test would be give , because they would be tought that the concept of examination be not always the right concept , also they would have weekly debate about large concept like enthusiasm , ethic , aesthetics and racism to have these young generation prepare to involve in real life life . in conclusion , learn concept be the good way for someone to have a balanced family , community and even country , because it be a circle of wise idea , which never fail , in my opinion , no war no violence would be exist if evaluate our concept and respect other concept be every body ' s dream to fulfill . 	ARA
as the competiton increase belong the company in almost every market , advertisiment become a very important way to improve the sale number . company use a lot of diffirent advertisement technique . accordingly it generally cause to make their product seem much good than they be actually . for example when you watch a girl eat a canddy or a chocolate you probably want to eat that product as soon as possible . when you go and buy one then you understand that it be not as much delicious as you desire , but unfortunetly you have almost buy that product and this have increase the company sale once more . on the other hand some company be aware of that , this will happen only one time . when you use and see the product do n't as good as seem in the advertisement then you lose your trust to that company and never buy its product again . so they be triying to show the true quality of the product for not make the customer dissappointed . when they be n't dissapointed , they always prefer to buy their product . in conclusion , some advertisement may show the product good than what they exactly be , for improve the sale . but some firm can think different from that and plan long time process of its activity . I think the good way be always tell the truth . in that way people can trust your company , buy your product and in the future accord to the high sale ' your company will most probably be a permanent company . 	TUR
youth represent a large percentage of the world population . recently we have an increase number of new formed organization , which be specialize in help the community . most of these organization be constitute of young people . I do believe that young motivated people can serve and help there community . young poeple be usualy highly motivate . but due to many circumstance they might not find the time or the appopriate way for help their community . for example I be a lawyer and most of the time I have to work for @card@ to @card@ hour per day . and during the weekend I usualy have paper to study and review . therefore I do not have that much time to do any social work . but that do not mean that I do n't want to , or that I find that help my community be that not that important , it be just that the rythem of the fast world that we live in today , force us to fix some priority first . but I do try my good to participate in any available community work that i can find . during my college year I do a lot of charity and social work . I be a memeber of a social club , where we accomplish a lot of beneficial project that I ' m really pround for be a part of it . and we be not the only club , there where over @card@ club in my university . we believe that the important thing be to help the people who need a hand , try to make there world a good place . like for example in the summer of @card@ , I participate in a project where we have to pant a primary school in a very poor district . the student of this school also help us on this project , and it just feel great see these great smile of happiness paint on there cute little face . I believe that the young people be a very important element of the society . but all they need be just to find the right direction . they be full of hope and faith and have alot to give . and that nowadays they do give there good to help improve there community . 	ARA
some people say specialize in one specific subject be good than have knowledge or many acadamic subject . both opinion be good idea but I agree with it ' S well to hav broad knowlege of many acadaic subject because thats helpful to meet varity of people in my life and every major be relative each other . first of all , broad knowledge be helful in society . I ' ve be in New York City for 3 year now and I meet a lot of different people during my New York life . I meet a lot of people from other country , I could try differents food , I see different custom and I see a lot of different religens . that be the very first English class in New York I have @card@ class mate in my classroom . Everybody be from different country and they introduce each other the first day of class . I think I have enought knowledge about other country but some of my classmate , I hadnever hear there where their country be . that be very big shame for me and feel sorry to them . our county also very small so some of our classmate do n't know where Korea be also still some peolpe ask me which part of Korea be I from . when they ask me I get shock because north Korean ca n't move to other country . Korean who live in other country be all South Korean . for me that ' S very basic knowledge but other peolpe do n't know . that time realize I should learn other culture because I be feel bad when they do n't know about my country . also , every major be relative each other . my major be interior design . before I start to study interior design I think I will learn only draw and masearing . but when I start to study I should learn mathmatic , history , and art everything . I be wonder why should I have to take all this class ? but after I start study , I realize why I have to study . I have to learn history how interior become and who start to design room and why . after learn history I could understand easily and fast . also I take mathmatic class that help me to carculate all my masearment when I draw . in conclusion , I agree with it ' S well to have broad knowledge of many academic subject because that ' s helpful to meet people in my life and every major relative each other . 	KOR
specialize in one specific subject be well than have broad knowledge of many academic subject . a person must choose a specific subject to learn about because it will take a very long time to become an expert in a specific subject . when a person achieve this , he or she will make any job about that subject . in develop country , the teacher of young student observe their student and find out the area which the student be more effective and then they asist their student on that way . those student take the course which their teacher direct to . Later in their high education , they can choose a specific subject and they will be effective in that subject because their skill be usefull over that subject . in the other hand if a person do not choose a branch to specialize , he or she will have knowledge of many academic subject . that person can have little information about many academic subject . for this reason he or she can not be an expert of a specific subject . this be a big loose for him or her . that person will not find a good job and he or she will not have a good carieer for his or her future life . if a person want to have knowledge about many academic subject , there be an alternative way to do ! at first that person should specialize in one specific subject than he or she will have education about other many academic subject which he want . All the member of a soceity should be educate in one subject to give benefit the his or her society . this be very important to have an active role for the development of a person ' S society or country . 	TUR
get success be not an easy job in any field . you need to work hard and struggle for what to wish to achieve . people who have succeded in their work try to to make new thing and take risk as success give them a boost to excel in thier field . once a person be successful in achieve his target he will try out new thing and would like to explore more and more in the same file and to apply in various other field . consider an example of Sir Issac Newton . if Sir Issac Newton would have just stop his theory of gravity after its discovery then many thing would have be undiscovered till now . he apply his theory in the field of mathematics , physic , science to name a few . just think if Sir Issac Newton would have stop take risk and search for new principle and theory then advancement would not have be possible . the law would have be at the receive end . One more great scientist to name will be Einstein . he propose the theory E = mc2 , the theory of relativity . he start use the concept in his surroundings which stun the entire world . these great mens do not stop after achieve their target but use their success as the tool to find out various new thing . if the person who be success and do not wish to explore the field of his interest then the success will be of not much importance . do what which be know can be do by other too but implement it can be do only by few , who assume their success as the strength to discover what be not know . be wise be good by apply your theory in a different manner but to get success you need to implement your theory in various field . successful people will always make an attempt to make new thing and take risk . they will never make their success as the end point of research or work . success be not the end . keep on try and take risk will surely benefit even though you might not get success on each and every step you choose to take . 	HIN
I certainly disagree with the statement that ` ` young people enjoy life more than old people do ' ' . I will explain my point of view along with some example . first of all this statement can not be generalize . there might be some young people that do enjoy their life more than some people that be old . although I do not think this be connect with their age but more with a general attitude towards life . for example an old person could be more pessimistic than a young person . but this person might have be more pessimistic througout his hole life , even when he or she still use to be young . I do believe that there be different way of enjoyment and different area that old and young people do get enjoment from . in my opinion this be connect to the differentent life span people be in at different age . each life span , like the toddler ' S , the teenager ' S or the adult one , bring along different task . Let ' s say a teenager do live more on the risky side of life and do take drug from time to time or have more liberal sex habit than an adult would practize , this might be due to his wish to experience independence or to define his own personality by test his own and the society ' S limit . that be a normal behavoiur for his age and role in our western society . in today society a more liberal way of life and expression be often take as a symbol for a happy life . this do not neccessary hold true . some of these teen , ask about their amount of joy in life , might not be happy with what they have at all . on the other hand an old adult , live more quietly with his family and have a satisfiying job , might not look as happy at first but if ask migth show a quiet high level of life satisfaction . this so call joy in life could maybe well be describe by the word happiness or life satisfaction . also another point be that there be a confusion between see the old people ' S life style , that indeed might look a little boring an less enjoable to a young person , as connect to their age . even when the really old people of todaz be young their value be different to ours . Thez just continue live them until today . this be not boring for them , but to us it look b 	GER
these day a large number of people say that leraning fact be the most important and substantisal way to improve themselves . however , I agree with the idea that it be more important for student to understand idea than to learn fact because student with idea or concept can enable people to explain thing more efficiently and student have more time to spend study than do adult . the main reason be as follow . one reason that student should put high priority on idea or concept than on fact be that idea and concept can help people to explain thing logically . To be more specific , studens can classify , confirm and assure thing with fix idea . for example , my brother always tell me the reason why thing go on as it do because he study a lot of idea and concept in his university . however , I do not study idea . so my knowledge be just only from experience or fact . To be honest , it be quite difficult for me to explain something to other people because I do not understand the real idea or concept . many people tell me that they do not understand my explanation at all . that be why I thing to learn idea be the most important . the other reason that student can have good benefit from idea than fact be that student have more time study idea than do adult . that be to say , even if adult want to study idea , it take long to learn concept of thing . for example , as I mention above , my brother study idea and concept in his university . I actually envy him because he can explain thing good than I . so I decide to learn concept by mysefl . however , sicnce I be work for a company six day a week , I do not have enough time to learn idea enought . hence , I regret not study idea in my university . in conclusion , I agree with the idea that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than be be for them to learn fact , for the above reason . when I have child , I will force them to learn idea and concept in their university in order not to have trouble explain people . 	JPN
yes , i be totally in agreement with the notion that it be good to travel in group instead of travel alone lead by a guide . actually , in today materialistic world their be more safety concern then ever before . so it be wise decesion to travel in group . for ex , if a person travel in a new town or country and he do know not anything about the new place . then it be good for him to travel in a group because it lessen his chance of be confuse in an unknown place . a person could be face a lot of defficulitios ion new place like where to stay , have food and some time he may encounter langauge problem . so travel in group with guide will be helpful option . . travel in group lead by guide be very good choice , because the guide be familiar with local language , culture which help a lot . actually , travel with a guide enhance your joy of the trip because he can tell u a lot about the the place you be tour . further it be also cheap economical to travel with many people . Beause in group everybody be contribute in the whole cost which be mostly less then the cost of travel alone . explore a exile place in alone be not a good option because sometime their be few minor prolems regard to security which may encounter by an single traveller . for instance like a person be go to catch a train in a railway station and someone steel his purse , then he feel that he be in critical dillemma . actually , there be few thief who attack on alone and new traveller . but if you be teavelling in group , they can not dare to steel your thing or you can con = mpliant with your group member . basically , travel alone in a new and unknown place be always a risky task , one should have to be very careful about himself as well as his luggage too . on the other hand travel in group secure a person from these minor problem . at conclusion , it be a good and intelligent idea to travell in group with the guide . it make you safe and allow to enjoy journey . 	HIN
I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk to achieve thier goal . only if there be risk the life will be more interesting . and also if we work on the same thing we will feel bore . for example if a software engineer work on a same project for several year then there will be no improvement in his techical skill or i will actually lose his imagination power . only if he work in differnt scenario he can improve his own and knowledge and gain experience ` ` Mukesh Ambani ' ' be the good example i think because first he be a successful person in variuos kind of business . first along with his brother he start industry and develop those industry to gain more profit . then he start oil refinery and then come the reliance mobile . apart from this reliance energy resourses be do a great job in the mutual fund and share market . this also help to provide job for people in different field . if there be only one industry then we can support only the people who be in that field . by try new business also help to reduce unemployment and to develop various economic level . another one reason of do variuos business be if there be loss in one of the business we can manage the lose because of the profit in other business . in case we be do a one business then we can not manage that situation . Eg . learn both hardware and software will help when there be less number of job available in software or hardware . so if we learn more and keep you update to date with the new technology then there be no way for loss . May be there be successful people who do the same which they know ( same bussiness ) but the probablity be very less . try new thing and develop the new skill set will give us in good position 	TEL
Education be one of the most important engine of human , society and economic development . however , way to conduct education through learn differ . for some author , it be important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . for some other , learn fact be more important . here ( my opinion ) , it be question to show that learn fact will be good . in other word , I will show why I disagree with the statement use two example . first , this example be relate to the field of Mathematics . it be abvious that fact student involve in memorize theory , assumption , proposition and theorem relate to Mathemathics will have much difficulty to remember most the theory . for that reason , software application be , in somehow , a way for student to remember easily what they have study . this example can be apply in may other field like economics , agriculture , etc . for student in agriculture to really have a deep understanding and clear knowledge of what they have learn , they need to be in the field or in greenhouse in order to apply the basic theory on chemistry , agronomy and so on . the second example be relate to the first step of the education . during my primary school , I have visit some historical place in the framework of our class of history and geography . a historical place like Goree ( with its Slavery House ) be still scan in my memory , and the explanation of the guide also , as if I be in that place during the Slavery Trade . compare to the people that have never be in that place , I be more able and more likely to talk about history . To conclude it can be say that as witness by the use of software in the Social Sciences and through my experience , I can 	FRE
there be an ongoing debate whether it be good to travel in a group with a guide or not . some people insist that it be good to take a trip alone because it allow you explore the new environment freely . however , I strongly believe that follow a tour guide with a group of people be the most efficient way to travel because people can enjoy the most beautiful and popular site in short time and also they can learn interpersonal skill by socialize with the team member . first and foremost , with a leader who know about the site people can save their time to enjoy the most renowned place . some people say that this kind of travel do not satisfy every other member in the group . however , as the guide have experience every kind of traveler , he/she surely would be able to schedule the good course for the most member . accord to a survey release by the Korean National Research Center , more than two third of the survey people who have travel abroad respond that they would like to take a trip with a tour guide who know about the place . in this survey , they answer that a tour guide who have already take numerous trip would be able to lead them to the most magneficient and indispensable spot they ca n't miss . also they reply that as they have the good way to drop by all the remarkable place in their head , it would save their time than travel all by themselves with a piece of map . therefore , travel with a tour guide as a member of a group be the most time-saving and efficient way . moreover , by socialize with other in a group , people would be able to have more benefit . in these day , social skill be consider to be important requirement to move up the ladder . and by travel in a group , they can achieve need interpersonal skill . for example , an adult who decide to take a part in a group \ travel india have to deal with troublesome behavior and incomprehensible word from other . in this process , he/she would be able to learn how to remain calm on the face of other ' irresponsible behavior and eventually be on good term with them . travel in a group will finally turn out as a precious memory of not only have be to various kind of spot but also make relationship with many different kind of people . furthermore , he/she would be able to success with the social skill he ' ve get . in this sense , travel in a group do good to eaxh individual by teach them how to harmonize with other . all in all , travel in a group be the most recommended way to take a trip because it be the most efficient method with a guide and people can achieve social skill by it . 	KOR
in the fast grow world job opportunity be grow . All the subject have sub-subject to work on it or new work area . succesful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to well because of ; earn money and reputation , people attention and be imaginative . first , earn money and reputation be the base of all kind of work and success . people always want money and reputation , at least one of them . try something new will always bring you the money or the raeputation . for example if whe think about a good car mechanic , and know by his own neighbourhood stat work on luxury boat engine . a while later his customer will start to want his help in boat subject or something else about mechanic because they will think that he be gifted about mechanical thing . so try new thing bring you both money and reputation and these two courage to try more new thing again . secondly , people ' S attention make you happy bacause everbody ask you something about the thing you have do or invent , want something about it or come near to you and say ` congratulation ` . the point be that you be the center of the world at that moment , you think that everything happening be about you everyone love you everyone need you , this be the food of the human soul and the key for t the success so people attention be one of the most important point of try or do new thing . last , only imaginative people may try new thing because they be the one who try the not-tried thing before . their brain be succesfull until their birth , may be they be really gifted or the ` one ` . they can assemble a world only for theirselves and kive in it . when they imagine something they can also imagine the result . What do that change ? if they do not see the succes at the end , they do not go in to the new thing , their brain be work in a different way , they be smart . in conlusion , try new thing and the success relate to it be about money , attention and be imaginative . people try new thing can be succesful but sometimes only succesful people can try new thing because they already have enough courage and brain for that . this be a two directed road , someone in this road will be olways successful or always try new thing . and it will end with the other one . 	TUR
i think that learn fact and understanding idea be both important to know everything you could possibly know about a certain subject . but when it come to what be more important i think that understanding concept and idea be the reason why there be fact for example if a scintest didnt try new experements and go to know plases and learnd new concept he could never come up with a fact that everybody study and know . usually a fact be more respect than a concept because the fact be certain and its there to see or to check but the concept may be a littel frightning because its hard to predect wether it be go to be a fact or the people will simply forget it therefore the people rather to study a fact-full major than a concept major at the university . all the new car and the new building start as a concept and the engineer modify it as they want and when they be all do they start do the project , after the project be introduce it become a fact for everyone who doesnt know about the concept in the first place . deny that the fact be important in our life be wronge but i think that they be less important than the concept . for example the fact be a result of a long-time thinking and study ready to read and learn in a number of line , so it be much easy to learn an existing fact than to think about one use concept and idea . finally if a person want to get the well possible of knowledgment he should consider and study both fact and idea becaus the start of every fact be to prove the idea and introduce the concept . 	ARA
I completely agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . our modern world be full of such example where people take risk and create new thing . Upto a large extent , our modern age be make by these people . I will classify these activity in mainly two way . first , where people just change the way in which we do thing . for example , take the music industry . few year back , music industry be dominate by the Walkman from Sony . if you want to hear music then you need to buy a walkman and cassette . Sony think that this be the good way but Steve Jobs from Apple have different idea . he create i-pod where you can download your music in flash memory . this be more efficient and one can download large amount of music that be not possible with Walkmans . this make Steve Jobs famous but Sony lose a market because Sony executive be just make more efficient Walkmans . they never try to try a new thing . second , where people leapfrog the current way of do thing and create a totally different solution of the problem . for example , take the postal service . earlier , if you want to send a letter to your love one then you have to write that in paper and send it by mail . it use to take time and process be in-efficient . few people think about the electronic transmission of information and Internet be bear . now , send a letter to someone be a click away by e-mail . E-mail be much efficient and much faster . some people will not agree with the statement and they will say that try new thing be risky so we should not try new thing . I would like to tell them that if our ancestor would have think in the same way then we would have be live in stone world today . I agree that once you try new thing then you might fail , but , learn lesson from failure and try again make some one successful . 	HIN
I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . if one be to analyse the trait of successful people in the area of business , entertainment , sport or even politics , the one common trait to emerge will be their ability to take intelligent and thoughtful risk and keep push the boundary of their area of expertise . human being be loath to change and do not like to get out of their ` ` comfort zone ' ' . the average person would rather continue to do what they know very well because of the overall disruptive nature of ` ` change ' ' . try new thing be generally view as too risky to compromise a steady state of existence and established livelihood . but over time it become necessary to change , adapt and try new thing because there be always other who would be willing to do the same thing in a good , efficient way or for a low price . the only way to combat become redundant and remain successful be to embrace change , experiement with new thing and take calculated risk . as an example , if you look at the traditional telephone company or the medium business , they have not change in their behaviour or in their business process in the past century . the business owner believe in their own perpetual existence and be continue to do what they have be do all along . but , with the advent of new technology and the Internet , their world have be rudely shake . the number of adult who read a newspaper have be steadily fall . most new telephone connection be now of the ` ` wireless ' ' variety . unless these traditional company shake up their business and take a few risk on their own , they be doom . Infact , the cycle of change and innovation have significantly crash over the past few year . even the Internet company and wireless telephone company have to constantly reinvent their business and continually try out new thing to stay relevant in today world . the concept of try new thing and take risk be also important from an overall ` ` evolution ' ' standpoint . imagine if Bill Gates or Michael Dell have not continue to experiment in their garage , or have give up on their dream and idea , we would still have be use the abacus for add number . all successful business and idea be base on the bedrock of ` ` new idea ' ' and ` ` new concept ' ' and it take brave , committed and passionate individual to keep take such risk and expand the boundary of knowledge . while the reward for take risk be typically huge , the reward be not quite obvious till such time a risk be take . in conclusion , the appetite for risk and try new thing be the define trait for successful individual in this world . 	HIN
I totally agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . in my observation from the successful businessman or professor , they often do thing or sucjects what other people do not understand at all . for example , ten year ago , while most people do not know value and benefit of the computer , but Bill Gates know it . because he go ahead and try the new thing ( computer ) , he make a real big fortune from do late technology . on contrary to those person who only do what they know , successful person be always try new thing . they usually have a open mind to absorb all the late concept , and they often take risk . for instance , if a businessman adopt the idea that he never hear before , it must be very risky to use it if the idea be not pratical to operate . there will be two different way for use the new thought : success or fail . most people will not dare to adopt new thing because they be afraid that they may lose everything . in this way , they gradually develop the idea that they do not want to learn the new thing and take advantage of them . in contast , this idea seldom be form in the heart of successful people . they , of course , know the risk might be , but they be not afraid . successful people usually have a positive mind to keep them go ahead . in conclusion , I think that I truly agree the opinion that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . 	CHI
I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people do . as a matter of fact , people who be open-minded , manage their time well and work hard , regardless of old or young , can enjoy their life without question . a bright and vigrous young spirit may have more curioisties than old people to explore the world . they be bind to learn any information they be enthusiastic with . they may have lot of social activity they have to participate in such as party , concert and sport and make friend . however , a young people who grow up in a dysfuncitonal family with narrow-minded , may not have mood to learn and play . they may fall in the depression and hateful environment and kill time by dope drug or hook around . they drop out from school and do not know what to do . they do not know how to manage themselves and their time as well , so there ' s no good life they can enjoy . on the other hand , a great deal of vivid old people may retire from their job and they be veteran who save pension and good at how to lead a beautiful life . they manage their time carefully . they may get up in the morning to take a walk at the park , read newspaper on the bench and enjoy sunshine , arrange a nice trip and visit old friend sometimes ; cultivate hobby to make their child ' s dream come true . some old people who do not manage well from their youth may suffer financilly difficulty to organize their life . they be sick and can not go anywhere . illness bring hard and unhappiness life for them . therefore , no matter young and old , people can enjoy life easily if they appreciate how precious life be and manage their time well and keep open-minded . 	CHI
I agree with the statement that say that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . first , if I go back in time and I start to do some memory of my time as an student at School and at the University , all those thing that I learn it be because I understand the idea and concept that my teacher explain to me and my classmate . when I finally understand the process of the French revolution I never forget it , because I do n't learn it as a fact . second , be really great when you get the concept of the different thing and you can start to make some interesting relation between them and with the experience of your own life . I think that be nice when you can make question about what you learn and give some conclutions about it . I also find that be nice when you meet with friend and you start a conversation with them , talk and exchange idea of all those thing that in a moment you learn and understand them . I really have a very good time when I have those kind of opportunity to share with friend what I have learn and also to be sure that I can do my own statement . Futhermore , I consider that fact be too weak , you learn this fact for the test and then you erase them . be like a foreing learning , from one moment to onother it flyes away , from your mind . instead , when you really understand the idea or concept yo can be sure that this knowlege will never forget , never more . finally I can say that , it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact . 	SPA
I am disagree with the statement . I think that it be more important to learn that we all can prove as fact . first , not every thing we understant as concept or idea be a fact . for instance , when we learn an specific topic in economics we spect that it will work every time . but that it be not true , a well know case be the way that one must take a desicion in a game , remember John Nash equilibrium . Sencond , it be more easy to memorize a fact that a concept . we all know that two plus two be four . on the other hand , try to understand how physic explain the earth ' S movement . finally , there be alot of research in each area that when we understand a concept imediatly arise a new theory explain the same concept . for example , Pluto be not a planet when I be a child everybody know that Pluto be the converse . for all I write above I can sincerely say that to learn fact be more important for student . 	SPA
learn fact be undeniably a necessity for all student of all age . that be even the fist thing that a child be ask when he enter school . he learn rule , such as stand straight and in line before enter a class , or not walk around while the teacher be give a lesson . those rule be transfer to him before the notion of good and bad , he understand the consequence of his ations earlier than the reason for their necessity , and act consequenty . in our school system , learning prevail upon assimilate , at least at the beginning . the expectation necessarily evolve with the age of the student . in high grade , it become almost impossible to learn by heart without understanding . assimilate a concept be likely to develop the cleverness of a student while learn will only fil his memory . as school be suppose to learn child how to think , learning become of lesser importance from a certain age . yet , learning be still necessary for exam , for prove one ' s ability to memorize combine with one ' S intelligence . also , as it be the only mean by hich one can assess a student motivation at work and ability to memorize , learning can not be neglect as a key factor in a student ' S success and in a whole school system . for a student ' s personal development , understand concept and idea be obviously more important and almost necessary , but it do n't supress the learn part , which be much more easily assess on a copy for example . this raise the question of the role of school . indeed , if it be only suppose to insert people in their future profession , the ability to learn fast and a lot prevail innevitably . but school be also suppose to be the fundametal pillar of a nation , as it strutures people ' S mind and be therefore essential in a democracy for example . 	FRE
Everyone have one day dream of invent something new which would make him rich and successful . I must say I believe in people ' S intelligence . I mean that we be all capable of invent something which will make us rich . so I do agree with this statememt because be successful be only the last thing you get when you try new thing . when you try new thing you do it because you think that what you be try worth the energy you be spend to do it . you be ready to do whatever it take to accomplish what you begin . you be over motivate and that ' S why you succeed in you attempt . this motivation show your ambition and that ' S how you be go to make it . for example the film Beatrix Potter show why she become famous , that ' S because she know her idea be good and she have enough motivation to get refusal and to be desapproved by her father . and once you have succeed you always want to have this feeling again . the feeling that nothing can stop you , like Leonardo Dicaprio in Titanic , you think you be the king of the world . if you try something new or to invent something it be because you do n't like to do always the same thing even you can do it very well . it be a lot more exciting to invent something , to think day and night on how you can develop an idea and make it real . finally , you try new thing because it make you successful . you do n't like to be like everyone else , you want to be apart of the other . and even if you be do something very well you have to try new thing or a new way to do it because it will show that you do n't rely on your knowledge . it will show that you really want to improve yoursel . Mozart be consider as a genius because he not only know how to play an instrument very young but also because he create symphony at a very young age . as a conclusion I would say that everyone should try new thing , it be not interessant to rely on what someone else crate for us . we have the try something new as well . 	FRE
I claim learn fact be more important than understand idea and concept . I explain my idea by use the example of controversy of article 9 of Japanese constitution . just know the idea and concept do not directly mean we have the understanding on the topic and have the opinion to act for it . think about the controversy over article 9 , the argument wether revise it or not . surely , understand its history that have keep our country peaceful for @card@ year , and its idea and concept of renounce the war after the tragetic memory of Hiroshima and Nagasaki be very important . but by just ` ` understanding ' ' the idea of exsitance of it , we can not protect ourselves from the threat of terrorism . so what be we need to live ? we be strongly need to be ` ` learn ' ' the fact of the Japan face now , and the way we can take for maintain the peace . What happen when North Korean missile be launch to Japan ? do we not fight for it ? or we fight with self defence force which be well know to be not suit the article 9 itself . therefore , understand the idea and concept be not helpful in our life . it be a very idealism . its good to have , but do not do anything to us . it ' S not practical . What I want to claim in this essay be that be not the importance of article 9 , but that learn fact and to know what we can do for it next , be much more important in our real life . 	JPN
it be often say that young people ' S interest in their community have be decrease recently . some people might agree with this opinion because of the society get more and more individualistic . however , I disagree with the idea that the young spend much time for community because of what school and society require for them . To begin with , school encourage student to more actively participate in the community service . many school , nowadays , offer volunteer program for additional credit or elective course . To support this point , study do by the Ministry of Education of Korea have show that the number of official community service provide by educational organization such as high school and university have be @card@ % increase compare to that of @card@ year ago . also student ' participation for these program have be @card@ % increase . it seem clear that school have a positive influence on young people ' S assistance for their community . moreover , society put more stress on help community . community display a lot of advertisement to get help from young people and their participation be highly praise by the society . the young peoplebeing consider as virtuous be reward by the government make their name on the local periodical . for example , I happen to see the poster for rebuild of my community damaged ny huricane earlier . I immediately make my mind to be part of it as the team leader and award by the represent of my village . this volunteer experience write on my resume greatly affect the employer of my current work . they say virtue of help other be the very criterion they esteem . in short , I disagree with the opinion that young people spend not enough time for community to make them good . this be because of encouragement of school and society . 	KOR
the argument that successful people be characterize by be people that continuously take risk and enter new venture , and avoid task that they be familiar with be controversial one . on the one hand , more risk mean more return , and great chance of reach and build creative idea and result . on the other hand , work on a task that you know well will promise sure success , as compare to risky avenue that have a tendancy to result in huge failure as much as result in success . personally I believe successful people be the one that stick to the task that they can master , and I support my argument with the follow three reason . first , enter risky avenue without the knowledge and experience in the chosen risky task be similar to a gamble , the chance of win be equal to the chance of lose . it may also be that the chance of lose be high , as any task require the performer to learn and educate himself , and also familiarize himself with the task . take snowboarding as an example , you ca n't successfully snowboard without practice for long hour and take lesson , you will end up injure . second , work on thing that you be familiar with be the beginning of any process of innovation . a number of human resource book state that any process of innovation within any field first require that you have the knowledge and experience within this field . third , a number of loss face by risk taker that enter field they have no knowledge about lead to very severe loss that may very likely impair the person ' s ability to undergo other task in the future . as an example , the market crash in the late @card@ ' s lead to subtantial loss for the naive investor that devote their time and a significant amount of their saving in a venture that they have no knowledge about . many really go bancrupt , lose their family , and their health . all in all , I believe success can be reach if people undertake the task they be familiar with . a the choice of the familiar task lead to a much more positive outcome , compare to an outcome of enter risky avenue that you have no knowledge about . 	ARA
in the past year , we have see a grow conflict between old and young people . in many country , the gap between generation be grow , due to demographic as well as sociological development . unemployment of young people be a hughe problem in many European country . in many case , young people be not able to get a good education because of their immigration-background or their social environment . also , many young people be not able to find proper job although they have good education because after massive job cut in many multinatinal company , no youngster be hire at the moment due to slow economic growth and the consequence of globalisation , which often cause outsorcing and transfer of job from expensive first world country to area , where production be cheap . on the other hand , also old people be affect by these job cut . at the same time , European welfare-states have to raise the retirement age in order to keep their social system function and financeable . of course , this development sometimes cause frustration on both side . when old people who either have the will to work but do n't find a job or who have work for decade and be now retire see young people in the street , hang out , do nothing ( except skateboarding , listen to music , play computer game and shopping ) they might get the impression , that young people enjoy life more than they do or than they do when they be their age . and that impression , in my opinion , be probably correct . when today old generation be young , in the fourties and fifty , there be not a lot of fun stuff to do in Europe . they experience the cruelty of the World War II and the hard work that be necessary to rebuild the country afterwards . young people in Europe be lucky , to grow up in a safe and often wealthy environment . they have the chance to do thing , old people be not able to : they can travel , they can communicate with stranger and friend around the world , they can get to know the world in a totally different way their parent , grand parent and grand grand parent be able to . they have the time and possibility to do sport and ofther fun activity and to enjoy their life - maybe more , or at least in a different way , than many old people do . maybe this way of lifestyle many young people have , contain travel , extreme sport and other way to test their personal limit , be a way to cope with their ` ` Zukunftsangst ' ' , with the scary feeling many youngster have , that they have to be flexible all the time , they often do n't know , what tomorrow bring them and they be not sure , if and how long they will have a job ( and if they be lucky to have a job , they have to pay for the old people ' S retirement , probalby without beeing ever able to profit from this system themselves ) . I think , young people have all right to enjoy their live as long as they can - sooner or later it will get tough anyway . old people should n't complain about this but rather try to understand the situation , teenager and twens be in . and sometimes they should even talk to their grand child and tell them : ` ` it ' S alright , enjoy your life . go and have some fun ! ' ' 	GER
some peple like indivisual travel , other like to travel in a group lead by a tour guide . in my opinion , I prefer to travel in a group lead by a tour guide . I would like to show three point refer rationals and example . first of all , a group trip make us easy to go unfamilier spot in the famous sight see place . since tour a guide have professional knowledge on the place , they can advise us to see unknown but good spot . in my experience , when I go to China in a school trip , I could find beautiul scene of forest and river from unknown spot . if I have not travel in a group , it mutst have be impossibe since I be unfamilier with China . also , a tour guide can help us to communicate efficiently with foeigners in a foeign travel . in general , a tour guide , especially who often go to foegin country , have a good command of the ingenious language . therefore , we can communicate with ingenious people through their language help . if we do not have tour guide , especially in foreign country which we have not learn the language , we can not directly communicate with them . since one of big advantage to go abroad be to communicate with native people , and to learn the life and culture , no language support do not bring beneficial time . lastly , refer to an advangage of a travel in the form of group , it ensure to communicate with other people who be in the same tour . it be a good opportunity to see other people , because , in my case , I do not have much opportunity to meet other unfamilier Japanese . since I be a university student , I always meet same people such as classmate or friend who belong to the same club activity . if I could meet someone who have same the tasts , I would be able to have eternal relationship with them . thus , due to three point : go to unfamilier spot , communication with ingenious people , and have relationship with people in the same travel , I prefer to travel in a group lead by a tour guide . 	JPN
I disagree with the good way to travel be in a group lead by a tour guide . I think the good way to travel be alone or with a freind . there be two reason . first , it ' s more free . second , bagpack be more exciting . the first reason be that I have much more free time than in a group . th be specific , I can go wherever I want and spend a lot of time in some place without any resistant . if I want to go shopping , I do not care other people . so I can go small shop and see aroud where I intersting . that mean I have freedom in a trip . second ting , it be more exciting . for example , when I vistied Italy last year , I stay youth-hostel . in there , I make friend who come other country . so , we go popular space , restaurant , park and river together . until now , I contect her by email . even if I have not plan go concert in Italy , I see the pamplet and go there . I can not forget that concert . that ' S why I think good way to trevel be alone or just with a friend . 	KOR
I agree that most advertisement make product seem much good then they really be . in all kind of advertisement , specially in those we can whatch by television , the product be present like incredible objet which can satisfy any our request ! there be lot of worker employ in theese organized machine have the purpose to sell the large quantity of a certain kind of product . obviously I think that the production company couldn ` t sell a very different product of what we can see by television or newspaper , because people would not buy again a bad product . I think that advisor be concern to show a thing in its good face , try to emphatize some quality and try to hide the lack pointsof a product . they often provide to offer example of satisfacted consumer which be enjoied to be 	ITA
some people be say that young people nowadys do not give enough time to help their community ; however , I disagree . by careful observation , I believe that young people nowadys do give enough time to help their community . there be several way to help the community such as by volunteer , care for people , participate in community activity . many young people today make contribution to their community by participate in volunteer job . a recent news report in Taiwan have show that more and more student today be willing to volunteer at place include library and hospital , during their summer vacation . this may seem common in America , however , it ' S a revolutionary trend in Taiwan . Ten or twenty year ago , student in Taiwan be regulate by their parent to only focus their attention on their study . young people during that time be educate to only care about themselves , about their study and be not allow to do ` ` un-paid ' ' work such as volunteer job . however , during recent year , young people be more willing to sacrafice their time to do volunteer work which show that young people today spend more time on help their coummunities . in addition , young people today care more about people , even animal in their community . there be a horrible news about a man who abuse cat in his home recently in Taiwan . the man force his cat to drink detergent and make them make bubble . and then , his take picture of this abusement and post them on the Internet . the young people in Taiwan be irritate by his action and by cooperation , track down the man ' S Internet IP address and locate where he live . consequently , the man be punishment by the police of his action , due to the help from these young people who care about animal . furthermore , many young people particpate in their community activity . for example , I have a friend that join the dance club that be hold by his coummunity . he be able to meet lot of people with similar interest for that particular club . and if member from that club have problem , he would try to help them at no cost . finally , young people today do give time in help their community . and this trend can be easily find by careful observation . 	CHI
the knowledge about the various academic subject be good for every person because we can familier with all the subject and we can share our idea with all kind of people , who come from different background . but specialization be also good because we can go throw the deep level of the subject . when I consider carefully these two , I prefer specialization in one specific subject . first , in the specialization we can go to bottom level of subject that mean we have a chance to find out new thing from important information . this be will come only , if we have reach the bottom level also . when I be in btech i find one new program about the color in java . I study the entire subject in summer thats why I find the new program . my college staff appreciate me alot . second , in the specialization we can findout the drawback about the subject thats why we can find the solution to prevent it . moreover we can reduce if possible . if see the scientist , they try to reduce the harmness to ` ` ozone ' ' layer . they be specialist in related subject and try to reduce harmness to ` ` ozone ' ' because they know the merit and drawback about the subject . third , the specialist only know the all information about the subject . in this case I have one bitter experience that be , few monts back I meet an accident to my leg . at that time I go to one hospital , the doctor be not a specialist in bone . he say that there be no injury to ur leg but . i 	TEL
in order to compare the life of young people and old one , it seem necessay to start off with a brief description of that average young and the average old person . young people enjoy themselves in activity such as meeting friend , go out , do sport or listen to music . on one hand , these activity be fun and help a young person to relax after an exhausting day at school or work . but on the other hand all these activity can not be enjoy without a certain amount of money . because of that , young people can easily get into a rush of work real hard , maybe even have a job while study at a high school or university , and spend the money in the evening and on their weekend . they keep switch directly from the status of make money into spend it and forget to just settle down for a moment and simply sit down and read a book or something like that . sometimes young people even start work almost nonstop so that they can just stop most of their work and have fun later in life , which be the bad of all case . old people be usually the opposite . most of the retire people enjoy a slow day without get in rush or be stress . they have no fear of stick to everyday habit , which provide a basis for a settled and enjoyable life . they do n't feel like they miss out on thing when they go to bed early every once in a while which be a problem a lot of young people share . if people try to compare these two different type of enjoy life , a basic problem show up immediately . if someone put a old person into a young person position , he or she would think its unbelievably stressful . on the other hand , the young person would probably call the old person life enitrely boring . the only difference be that most of the young people enjoy their life at a way high risk of become stress and get in a rush with thing . so after all , a young person doe n't enjoy life more than an old person do , both enjoy life just in totally different way . still one should not forget the fact that we be discuss stereotype here ; there might still be a lot of people at all age that do n't enjoy their life . 	GER
the number of car that be use today mainly depend on to aspect : the number of car offer by car industry and the number of car ask by the world population . but as long as sell car provide remuneration to the car industry , one can presume that the number of car in circulation in the future will mostly depend on whether it will be interesting to buy a car in , let say , twenty year . Quite a number of statement be in favor of a reduction of the world ' S car population in the next year . first , the fact that a good part of the estimation we have tell us that the Earth oil supply wo n't last forever . in fact , with the technology we be dispose of , we can alledge that fuel wo n't be at our disposal any more by the year @card@ . it will anyway have become pretty expensive . secondly , global warming be an issue which have to be face , the world ' S population will have to dicrease its use of fuel , and thus of car . strict law will imply less pollution in the future . eventually , the evolution of custom worldwide may occur with the dicrease of the number of car in the next year . since people be gather in big and big city , the use of subway and bus will grow . but the major point be : if the fact that there will be lesser car in twenty year be not even certain , what be for sure be that car will be different . why could the world ' s population demand for car grow ? the first answer be mere : the human population will grow over twenty year for sure . the car demand be correlate to the world ' S population , the global demand could be more important in the future . car can also use less fuel for the same distance , and new petroleum field can be discover . but since it will soon be more economical , new supply of power will be use in the car industry . for example , oil provide by vegetals can be use with success like in Brasil , not to talk of hydrogen energy . eventually , the question of the global evolution of the car population worldwide be open . I personnally alledge that there will be more car in the future , but that they will be ; ore respectful of the emnvir 	FRE
I absolutely agree in that somebody who want to succeed in any aspect of life , definitely have to take some risk . there be so many example in which we can observ this difficult part of life . One of these situation be when people decide to marry . nobody know exactly if the person He/She be date will be the good or the right one to share the rest of his/her life with , therefore when you decide to take this kind of decision there be always a great risk involve , unless you do n't want to risk anything and remain single the rest of your life , but if the person who decide to do this just because the fear of marriage be more powerful that the decision to take risk , then some problem might arise and this person could spend the rest of his/her life in loneliness . talk about another field , profession to be exact , this be an important part of every individual ' S life and it be very important to decide what kind of job you want to do in the future . you may feel attract to a career but feel inside that you be not smart enough to accomplish all the responsibility that this kind of profession imply , therefore you decide to stay where you be or choose another field which look much easy for you or probably you will be do something that you already have an idea of what to do , even though you feel that you really would like to try something different . when this happen , be not a good idea to close your mind to the world of possibility and give to the ` ` highly complicated ' ' career a try and after try , then it becames acceptable the failure but I absolutely dissagree in give up situation that can change your status in life . before put a negative attitude of pesimism or self-consciousness it be good to get up , look up and try to move on to the world of opportunity where there be no room for anybody who do not take risk . 	SPA
Nowdays advertisement be one of the most important aspect to sellI their product . I fully agree with this question that most advertisement make product seem much good than they really be . advertisement of product can make their good more beautiful or attractive . it be nessasary for peolple to notice their product more impressive . there be many type of advertisement , one could be televison advertisement , another one could be suppoting entertainer . . and so on . and Showing some specific advertisemet many time people can accustome to the product . for example , the i-pod which I buy by see many advertisement and see my favorit entertainer who have i-pod can be a good example . i-pod be the most popular item . many hoolywood star have this item . many people buy this item . we can see i-pod advertisement every where . and we can see the good in the movie or drama . it be seem to us many time not only direct advertisement but also indirect such as support . One of my friend have this i-pod . she tell me why she buy that product , that ' S because it be just look good and she attract i-pod ' S advertisement . and she see many her favorite hoolywood star with this item , so she feel the item more attractive . I also purchase i-pod because I see their advertisement many time than other product and I see my favorits actor Jung il-woo have the product . I think i choose the product because I see the adverisement both directly and in directly manytimes than other product which have similar function . in conclusion advertimsement be neccessary to look better their product seem much good than they really be . it make product more attractive . 	KOR
many people lose thier life , thier job , or maybe thier family . all of them be not learn from other ' S fault . successful person who have many chose that help him in his life . so , what we lose if we learn one more thing in our life . actually , by learn from the life we come more open mind . we read every day about the most ritch people in the world and all of them be the example for successful person . they have a job beside some buisness . they know that the life be difficult , so they learn every day how to extand thier own . I agree with this statement , because I have a personal experince in this field . long time ago , after I graduted from Univesity , I be look for the good career form me with a high salary . so , after while I find what exactly I want . it be be a good position in a commomn company in my country . I get a perfect salary every month , but I be ask myself be it really enogh to reach to my goal ? actually , no , because I have to save some money prepare to my weed day . I have to buy house , car , and puy for the day . after a while I decide to join to the stock market . it be the risk step that I ever take it in my life . also . it be really good to learn about new thing and how to successed . I come to U. S. to get Master Degree , but not in my same major . my major be Mining Engineering and I will study here Environmental Engineering . I do that to have more than one chance . I can work in Mining field or environmental as well . in conclusion , the person could be successed in his life , but he will not lose anything if he try to learn a new thing . in addition , the life by itself teach us a lot of thing every day just we have to open our mind . 	ARA
in these day , people should consider a tour guide as a mark that guide lost people . I prefer to travel in a group that be lead by a tour guide because i might find thing easy and more comfortable . while travel to other country , the main thing that our family think about it be that how we will get to our appartment and who will take us to visit the place in the country . the tour guide be the one that will take us to our appartment or hotel , and he will gonna explain thing about the city ot the coutry because he be the son of his country . go with a tour guide make us learn many thing , for example when we visit England we find many statue , park , tree , train and river . each one of thesis be explain clearly and accurately about its time and place and when do they find it and how long that it will exist , all that be know by the tour guide . we learn many thing and we have more experience about this country . without go with a tour guide we may get lose . a tour guide be like a north star that guide lost people . before few year , when we go to visit Australia we think that we might not need to use a tour guide and because of that we have alot of problem and trouble . we be try to find a park from evening until night and when we reach there everyone be lose . in the conclusion , a tour guide be good to use because he guide lost pe 	ARA
be a young person be a difficult thing nowadays . Life do not permit young pepole to behave everybody want . in other word , everybody have start to live for just their benefit . no one ask for a thing that another want to do . and young people be the big example of this . they do not give enough time to help their community . there be several place that this thing happen . firstly , young pepole ignore the important thing that be relate with their local place . for example , the apartment that they live be go to be clean . and the old people ask for help form the young people to clean the apartment . but young people who be stay in that apartment ignore the olders . secondly , the young people do not help their parent in their house work or house problem as well . for example , the television of the house have break down . and on that day , the mum and the dad can very busy because of other problem . they ask their young sun to take the television to the repairer . however , even the young man do not listen to them . instead of take the television to the repairer , he go to a basketball play . thus , I belive that young people do not give enoug time to help their community . they just think their self 	TUR
people have to study lot of thing in their life . some of them want to interest many thing and other prefer specific thing . although have lot of information releated to anything , it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . if you want to have broad knowledge , you have to work hard on everything . this way be very difficult for people . in addition , you can not achive something properly if you choose broad knowledge . furthermore you can not know everything about your subject , because you have to study for every subject . on the other hand , specialize in one specific subject be not difficult as another because , they have to work on only one topic . this event provide some adventages for you . for example ; because you work on only one topic , you can do your research broadly and you know everything about this subject . as a result , to specialize in one specific subject be good than to have broad knowledge of many academi subject . I think people use this way to be successful . 	TUR
for me in twenty year there will be few car in use than there be today , I agree . first of all the car be very important for a lot of people because the man need go to the work or at home or in generally we mast go for the city bat also out city whit freedom . I think that today also if we can choose what use for tryp , the car be the first time that make , because be the free and we can go whwre want . secondly I hope that the situation will be beter because the our city be very inquineted and we ca n't go free for the city street because there be a lot of car , for me the city mast have steet true for to drive and we learn to drinve whit sureship and whit respect for ader car without to go fast . in conclusion we mast use the car only when be necessary e when we ca n't use ather solution , becose sometime we forget when be all easy , but in the future we ca n't return in the pass , therfore now we mast look for the good world where to live . the tecnology mast only help to live well , I hope that be very difficoult . 	ITA
I partly agree with the statement that young people now a day donot give enough time to help their community because of the lack of time and do u lack of awareness . it also depend on the individual attitude of the people . most of the young people have a busy schedule and they dont find time in help their community . again it depend on their individual attitude . I have see many people who wantedly neglect . they wantedly neglect and think help community be waste of time even though they have ample of time . young people always try to find fun and act reluctantly when they ask to help . it be because they be not aware of the benefit and the happiness they get out of it . study alone dont count you should also have helping nature . on the other side there be many youth organisation who specifically aim at help their community and people in need . we have many blood bank where many young people come and register everyday . they collect blood and send them to hospital when need for free . they organise event and give prise for those who donate blood to inspire young people we also have organisation who go around and collect money and send them to people who get effect byenvironmental disaster . when the tsunami catastrophe leave many people homeless these youth organisation collect huge amount of money andhanded over to them and win their heart . so it be not that young people dont help , it be that they dont spend time due to lack of awareness . it be only possible by young people because they be energitic and dynamic in what ever they do all we need to do be motivate them and tell about importance of help . Elders should teach young people about help people and spend some of their time for those activity . so i conclude that young people dont give enough time for help but they be not so cruel that they dont extend a help hand when need . 	TEL
every thing in life have change and this the fact that we can not diny and than we will give the exaccuse to the youg that they be not do like the parent use to do to their community and I agree that they do not . first the sociaty have chaged as their be no plenty of time as the old ginaration have for example the trafic and the communication now aday have more time and Efford to go from place to place more than the time in the paset with the parent so the youg man do not have the time to finsh his won need and do not have the time to care with other , and also if we be take in the same point of the communicatin it become more expansive to go from a place to another and the youg do not have this enough money to go to help in other place . second the youg people have alot kind of intertenment in the life more than the last generation have for example the youg people have a lot of movie they can go to wath and there be alot of place he can go with hes friend so in his fre time he will prefer to go for dinner or movie insted of go to help the community in th cummun field like the parets do . third I thik that the sestem of the aducation be also responsible of this case as they do not teach the youth in the school the meanining and loving to help other in the community and how to be mumeber so when they grow and graduid they do not try to help as they do not learn how to do and to sum up and with all the sttment suggest above I think that we be all responseble of this case of the youth the parent in the house do not teacth them how to love their community aaaand how to help it and also the school the medium we be all responsible and if do not care for this problim we will not gain in the future the good result we all aim from those young people . 	ARA
I don ' t think young people enjoy life more than old people . I tnink that they prefer to live their life in different way . Infact Youn people love leisure time , love play togheter , they have to know the word and make new experience . for example the summer holiday be the week of the year more attend in which they don ' t have to think to school and where the only think that they can do be to play every day or to go to the sea . in my case , I be @card@ year old , I enjoy life not only because i can stay with my friend an go to dance or to the pub , I also love life because I have a lot of opportunity , I need to know more think that i can , i need to realise myselves . I want a good work and a good career , I want to marry and a family . old people enjoy life not less than young people , but i think that they have already leave this important moment of their life and they prefer to stay togheter in quite and not busy place . an example be my grandmother . she be @card@ year old . she like to stay home to watch tv or to read lot of book . she like to cook and to fill her leisure time with her friend to speak . on holiday she like to stay every day on the sun , she prefer to go out for a walking to look the landscape or to eat the ice cream . I think that youngh people and old people enjoy life , but they have different interest and different way experience of the life . if young people need to realise themselves , old people need to live the rest of their life to know more that they know . I can define them the expert of life . 	ITA
a community can be define as a society where people can relate themselves into . I do not agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . in fact , I believe that young people nowadays spend more time in help their community than young people before . do Volunteer work be one way for young people to help out with their community . although young people before also do community service , now the urge and the need in do community service increase . there be many factor which cause young people to do volunteer work . first of all , nowadays , young people have more opportunity to do community service . in school , nowadays , teacher encourage student to sign up for community service such as flag day or teaching English at local school . nowadays , it can probably be say that do community service be not optional but be now become compulsory . before , student be not require to do community service , but nowaways , it be compulsory for student to do voulnteer work to participate in various activity . for example , HKAYP be a program where student work on their outdoor experince . in order for student to join the HKAYP program , they have to do specific amount of service hour to enter different level ( bronze , silver , and gold level ) and receive certificate after they complete each level . also , the importance of community service . all student want to be accept by good university . it be now know to student that do volunteer work can give university a good impression to them as the volunteer work they have do can be reflect on their university application . so for example , now , young people in Hong Kong spend alot of time do volunteer work during their spare time ( especially on holiday ) since they receive a certificate provide from the government when they fill up certain amount of service hour . overall , i disapprove the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help out their community . I believe that young people nowdays as a matter of fact , help out more due to the fact that they be more expose to community service ( school encourage student by introduce community service ) , some avticities require student to do volunteer work in order to join , and that student can write their service on their university application . 	KOR
learn mechanism work in different way person to person . some people chose to memorise the fact some people chose to learn how the fact can be produce . learn concept and idea be important because ; you can remember the fact by the brainstorming about the concept and idea , and you can be familiar to learn new fact about a different topic . first of all , it must be accept that , memorise the fact can be a fast way to learn . it can be work in small period of time . you can pass the next examination , for instance . on the other hand , when you forget the fact , it will be very hard to remember if you dont know the idea belong them and concept . if you learn the idea and concept , you can guess how the fact be provide . so , learn the idea and concept can be work on keep in mind the datum for a long time . furthermore , once you get use to learn how a fact can be provide from an idea , you can easily learn an unfamiliar topic . every lecture have fact and the idea ' and the relationship between fact and idea be the same . firstly , you will try to understand the idea . accord to the idea in the concept , you can learn the fact as stable as you provide these fact . you can use exactly the same method on learn the new lecture . as a result , learn the idea be good than memorise the fact even though it need large time to understand . the datas will be more stable and to remember will be easy and learn new topic will be easy than memorise every fact of every lecture . 	TUR
we be live in an age of information , where the human knowledge of its surroundings have boost and continue to accelerate even more rapidly . one can tell that today an average high school student , with an average level of education , know good physic than Newton . with so much information accumulate , the urge for the scientist to specialize in one area to contribute to that area get more and more significant . there be two major point relate with this isue . first of all , as mention above , the accumulation of knowledge in a single area have increase so much that it be impossible to have some discovery on top of it without have the grasp of all prior information . for instance , while most people still have difficulty understand Einstein and his Relativity Theory , scientist be introduce theory that even extend it , have give a lifetime of study in that subject only . specialization in a specific topic seem to be the only way of study science professionally . secondly , one can say that it be require to have a broad knowledge of many field to be able to work on specific topic since scientific field be highly interconnect and interdependent . this be of course true to some extent . there be many general topic to cover until one have the capacity of advance to a specialized topic but that do not stand against the fact that academic subject be now so complex that one can not afford distribute his effort among various subject . in fact , the current education system in most of the country in the world be so : an introductory undergraduate program cover all the require subject as a baseline , and then graduate study specialize in a specific subject with the purpose of academic research . in conclusion , whether to have broad knowledge of many academic subject or to specialize in one specific subject be an important question . while each one have advantage over the other , it seem that specialization be nearly an obligation of modern science regard its depth and complexity . specialization be inevitable and must be pursue by every academician , but also not ignore the background knowledge of the prerequisite subject . 	TUR
i will agree with the stament . to be succesful you have to extend your study . learn new thing , that be there only way you can be succesfull and continue to be succesful . an example , company that make electronic advice , like game station and ipods . they take risk every year to bring new improvement and new idea to their menchadises . well sometimes it can be dissapointing with the result , like people not like it then the effort go down the drain . but sometimes be can be the opposite . with electronic most of the part be succesful , they always bring new adjustment to the society . like there new cellphones that be go on now , you can find camera on it , mp3 player on it , Internet and the list go on . another example will be camera . there be improvement when it come to camera . you can now have digical camera that take good picture and it give you the mode to take picture , like if you be indoor a mode to use for indoor picture . it have voice record and video tape record . All these show there risk and action they take to try different and new thing . i believe that the more they try news development or idea , there more succefull they will be , this go for now and hopefuly for the future . 	FRE
humanity never find out the response of this question : ` be it more important to see the idea and concept or to learn fact for new brain ? ' . both of these two pole have their proper advantage but be one of them more essential than the other one ? for student which one be more efficient ? idea be always need and as a result they be important because they be the start point of all developpements , of all achievement . student have to understand these idea and concept because they be in a great thirst to knowledge which be leaded by these abstract form . more precisely , a student must see the meaning of the idea and concept to go forward , to have new vision , to develop his creativity . thus , understand idea and concept be really important for student which be this world ' S future . on the other hand , student can not do without fact because these show the result of idea , these clear the reality for us . student can not continue just by use idea and concept , without know fact they wo n't be able to corporate their abstract view . moreover , fact be the light of the past , of the present and with them of the future because as in history we can not go on without knowledge of the reality in this world and for student ' education reality pass by fact . also student will encounter fact to test their idea and concept , ifnot thay ca n't know if they be correct or not . in conclusion , with these advatages showen , it ' S impossible to say either learn fact or understanding idea and concept be more important for student . in my opinian , we do n't have to compare these two side because they be go always together by complete each other and both of them be really essantial for student . 	TUR
i totally disagree with this statment i think that every thing should be advertiesed as the way they be not as the way they look like well this be totally wrong , its like you be trick people to buy thing ' s that be not soing or establish the thing they be suppose to do . so i think that the police station or any responsable station should take care of such as these problem because its not nice to see a friend fall into this seuation , i think they should make a special place to check if the advertiesing be exactly like what it be show in the bottle or what ever it be . if i be incharge of this country i will do a speacial place to get all the statment ' S of all the company ' S that our country buy ' S from so i could know what ' S right and what ' s wrong and this would be good for me and good for my people , and it could save alot of money insted of perchesing all the thing that be not advertiesed right . why do they such lie about stupid thing why dont they come up with the truth and if the truth be not enough then i think that they should work harder and do good thing and then they could say what they exactly have and do then people would be satisfy and happy . this all what i can say about advertising product that seem much better that what they be really like and liying in the tellevision and in the radio and also in the new ' s papper so i think that all of this should stop and they should check what they have and what it could do not what it cant do this be really important for me and for all the people in all the world . 	ARA
some people might say that learn lot of fact be more important than understand idea and concept . however , I think understanding idea and concept be more essential . there be two major reason : to be confident and to be logical . To begin with , student could get confidence through understanding idea and consepts . you might say that learn many thing can make people more confident . however , you may not deny that without understand them , nobody can use it confidently . moreover fact be usually so common . by contrast , although idea and concepsts be notperfect , people can get deep knowledge by flow the idea and conpet . as society be get more complex , the competition be get fierce , therefore , the meaning of export have change . it be to know many fact , now it be to understand whole idea and concept . moreover , as far as think logically be concern , understand idea and concept be more important . I take the history class when I be a freshmam . I learn many important fact in the class and I get a great score on it . however , I forget most of them immedietly after a final exam . in comparison , when I take a physics class , although it be chalenging to me to understand the idea and concept , but through that proccess I could learn the way of think logicaly . this logical approach help me to get good grade in other course , too . in summary , to understand idea and concept be necessary for student to get confident and a way of logical thinking . 	KOR
the influnce of advertisement on the customer be worth commendable . the advertiser be project thier good to the customer in a ` large than real ' manner . ' I would like to agree with the statement that advertisement make product much well than they really be . as an example consider the advertisement of wash powder , under which ever brand-name it may be . the advertisement claim that it can remove different kind of stain . make the clothes shiny , maintain the colour of the cloth for long etc . most of these statement be project one . take another example of wash soap which help to make people beautiful , accord to the advertisement . some washing soap claim that they can make people healthy also . as long as my knowledge be consider i never hear thing like this happen any where in real life . in the same manner as the case of wash powder and bath soap mention above the advertisement of clothing , motor vehicle , food item etc be all claim thing which be little bit exagerated . the manufacturer of motor vehicle claim that they be have the late technology about which the consumer have never hear before and the fodd product claim that tey be have all the vitamin and protein which be necessary for human being . in short the statement make it clear that that the advertisement be claim thing that be not exagerated to a great extend . hence it seem reasonable for me to agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much good than they re 	HIN
America be consider a great country because it offer opportunity to common people to gain a good life try something new , like pursue a new business or get real an extravagant idea . this example underline the great importance in our culture for conquer something new and take the risk correlate . if we be bear just to do the same life , the same job and the same experience of the peple live before us , problably the humanity would still live in the cave . the evolution itself of the human person be strictly relate to what some people discover when they tryied to go under new way . think about Cristoforo Colombo , for example , if he do n't navigate his fleet trough the ocean , put his life in danger , the America would n't be discover . of course , take risk be the other face of the same coin . it ' S very rare to try new thing without any cost , even the implicit one like loose the credibility or the social status keep till that moment . for istance , in the past a lot of people die try to develope aircraft . but with their persistance , we can now fly from one continent to another one just in few hour , and who succeded will be always remember as a pioneer and a founder of our contemporary world . for me , the real issue be alway to understand the trade-off between the advantage that new thing or discovery can bring and the risk relate to them or to the path to discory them . real successful man always analyse this relationship , because otherwise the result could be catastrofic , maybe not at the beginning but in the future . quick success without any solid analysis behind be to be avoid as much as the fear of run for your inspiration or new idea . 	ITA
in modern society people be confrontated with all kind of advertisement daily . commercial on TV , huge wall paper and other kind of advertisment influence and manipulate people to make them buy product . be these advertisement really truthful though ? or do they promise som thing that do n't even exsist ? I personally think that most advertisement make product seem a lot well than they really be . we just have to look at TV commercial to realize that they often promise more than the product actually offer . Let ' s look at the pharmaceutical industry for example . every day we get to hear about new cosmetic product for beutiful skin or pill that help to lose weight . I try many of these product and I be never please with them . another example for false advertising be food commercial . specific product we see on TV do often seem to be a lot large than they actually be . with help of computer program people be able to make their product look good on TV or on a paper . they use specific technical method to convince their costumer of their item . a third example for the lack of truth on advertisement be the method of politician to get more vote . they often promise great achievement and advertise with big headline on wallpaper that they be go to improve the country ' S situation . I have gain the experience that they usually do n't keep their promisses . I come to the conclusion that we should be really careful about believe what advertisement promise us . many of them do n't tell the truth about their product . I personally think that these false promise be even the essential element of advertisement . we know that their only purpose be to convince people . therefor advertisement do always only show positive aspect of their product . besides our economy put a great amount of pressure on firm who try to sell product . there be a huge competition between company and everyone have to sell as many product as possible in order to survive . this force people to create advertisement that be convincing and persuasive , even if that means that they have to hide the truth and to be unrealistic . 	GER
my opinion about the have broad knowledge of many academic subject be good tahn the speciallizing i one specific subject be that broad knowledge be much good for our study than the one specific subject , which reason include that broad knowledge could open our horizen about the whole study and we could have wide rangesfor us to choose our major through study broad knowledge . in Morden time , many job need various knowlege because the matter require complete ability and broad knowledge which content many academic sujects , such as math , physics and chemsitry could provide a broad knowledge for us which one specific subject could not . for example , if we be a lawyer , we not only use the knowledge about the law , we still need the knowledge about the ecnormy and humannity . we would benifity from broad knowlwdge in our work . it provide us more information when we should solve a problem . furthermore , we would choose our major from what we learn in the school and study broad subject widern the range for us to choose . What I meet now be that which major I should choose . though I have already study some subject , I still do not figure out which major suit me well . this be an important aspect because I should use the knowlege about my major after graduation and I would earn money by work this field . if I choose the wrong major because of lack interest and unabble to study , I could not rasies myself in the future . broad knowledge make me confortable to chosse the one I like good and study my major well . To sum up , though one specific subject be a skill for cerntain people to use like painte , I still draw the conclution that broad knowledge be good than one specific subject . time to sleep , bye . 	CHI
I disagree with this statement . it be true that enviromental problem around oil be rise nowadays and lot of car company , for example Toyota Motors in Japan , hasten the speed to develop the new system of transportation which can be replace from the transportation use car . some people , especially one who live in the metropolitan area , may use such way of transportation . as a result , the number of car may decrease in those area . but there be a condition to be such an area . those area should be develop well in its inflastructures and economics . in other word , the area which be develop now can not afford to buy or develop that kind of system . on the other hand , the demand for car be thoght to be increase as its economy grow big . and car be available for less amount of money than that cost to adopt the new kind of the transportation system . globally think , the population in the develop country be high than that of the develop . if so , the speed of increase the number of car in the develop country exceed the speed of decrease the number of car in the develop country . this be the first reason for my opinion . the second reason be that the demand of the car would not be disappear . car mania exist 	JPN
I agree with this idea because of 4 reason on it . color , size , word , and the feeling of people . the first one be the color impression . in fact , I be eaasily fake by this strategy . for example , most advertisement , of course , have its specifis characteristic . but my brain always get in color . my composition of the brain be , at first , color , and then , the personality . even if the ability be bad , I often buy the product . the second one be size . in the bill , we can not know the size of the product . this sometimes happen in case that buy something big or large ( refrigerator , car ) . on the Internet shopping , it be cheap than usual shopping , however , this kind of shock can be easily occure . the third one be word . word make our heart dramatically change . take an example . the cloth be @card@ leave in vintage shop . @card@ clothes sell 1 or 2 for a day . the owner be confuse . One day , he make a poster that write : the clothes be leave only @card@ ! ! this make meaningful effect that the product be sell out for only 1day . like this instance , word be very significant in the advertisement activity . the last one be feel of people ( personality ) . on the TV commercial , various famous person advertise many product . in fact , the profit can become high and low by the person who be act the CM . 	JPN
the statement that it be more important for student to understand the idea and concept than it be for them to learn the fact have to be view carefully and from both contrast side . on the one hand it be of course crucial for student to learn the fact of the class you ' re take part of . this be especially important in class that contain a lot of information and fact like history or medicine . most class also end with a test or an exam and in order to pass this one succesfully you definetely need to learn the fact by heart . on the other hand it be so much easy to learn the fact if you really understand their idea and concept first . in this way you be not stupidly learn the fact to reproduce them later in your exam , but you be able to explain their meaning and purpose . this make it much easy to keep them in mind especially if you really think about the concept and discuss them with other . in addition to that you should be aware of the point that you be not only learn for school or university but also for your whole life . especially on university you be able to get to know a variety of thing that wo n't only help you to achieve high grade in your exam but also prepare you for your later professional life and expand your general knowledge . you definetely wo n't learn that fast and easy anymore if you grow old and you ' ll never get the possibilty to get to know so many different fact for free and with so much pleasure than you can get during your study . as I already say , to my mind it be not possible to simply decide for one of the opportunity . by express this I mean that it be helpful to find a way in between them , a combination of both , which mean to first understand the fact and concept and then later on learn them as a preparation for your exam . that ' s the way I do it at my university study and until now this have be a very succesful concept ! 	GER
I agree with the statement because be successful have to do more with attitud rather with aptitude . from my former experience as a student and as a worker I would like to support my point of view . through study International Relations at a top Mexican University I be able to understand the global context in which we live , nevertheless arly in my study I realize that to enhgance my criterion regard interational dealing I would have to delve into the area of sociology . in depth personal resarch on this subjet have not only refine my capacity to understand but also my capacity to negotiate and go beyond the evident specially when deal with different culture and perspective . among my favorite author be Dr , Kevin Skandia who in his work ` ` the clash of civilization ' ' he strongly bear , in one of his chapter , on the subjetc of leadership and how to be successful . he state that in order to become a leader and a pioneer you have to get out of the conventional , you and I have to go beyond the ` ` establishment ' ' to break the way thing be do so as to create a good way to carry on thing . obviously people have to take risk and have to be aware of failure , so successful people will go after their goal know in advance that they probably will fail , know that this be the good way to succeed . my work as a specialized purchaser for Wal Mart , one of the large retailer worldwide , have face me with enormous challenge that have demand full efectiveness to work well under pressure and competition , this experince have help me to realize that innovation and imagination be two important tool to succed anywhere you be , and again in order to be successful we have to go beyond and to try new way to do out duty . since it be company policy to upgrade the expertise of employee we be consistently enroll in conference and meeting , many international in nature , that have give me many an oportunity to exchange idea and share decision that help us in our everyday job . while exchange idea or have conversation from people around the world our conversation often drift to more casual topic like the everyday decision we have to take in our life , and we remark ourselves the importance to be sure of yourself and sure about the thing you be to carry on in order to be successful . at the end , I have always think that only few people have the courage to do something else in order to break their ` ` satatus quo ' ' and those kind of person be the one who change and succed in what they be after , so I do think that successful people try new thing and take risk . 	SPA
the idea that it be more important for student to understand idea and concept than it be for them to learn fact be very true . i will like to describe some point that support this statement to understand well why I am agree . there be two importants point to learn something and keep it in our cultural baggage , to understand the concept of the main idea and to practice the concept in some situation of the real life . most of the time , when a studen will have some exam , the student want to memorize all the date , place , name and rule that could help to answer correctly . but frequently we froget that this be not the most important part of the learn procces . the first thing a teacher have to do be to make understand the concept to the student because when the concept be understand it be easy to apply it to the problem and , the most important , in real life . when an elementary school student understand why the citizen of some country have to make a civil war against their government , the student have understand the importance of a government taht take care their people and do not take advantage of them . when a student understend the main idea of some problem he will never forget that and he will can apply it in the real life . then , affter the understanding , it be very important to reforced the idea by practice with example and possible situation where the student can apply his or her judgement and make a personal opinion about it . To practice be to face the problem in meny other situation each one with differents characteristic and that will form the student make him to tought in some solution or create and a personal opinion . that be why I say that if you make a student to learn the date when the human right be sign he will learn just a date but if you make he or her to understand the importance about the human right you will form an excelent human be . 	SPA
young people and old people be both vague term which will be hard to make an discussion . young people could vary by the perspective you have of young people . there for to make the argument clear , I will assume that young people be people in their teen , and old people be fifty year old and above . in oder to establish the argument of whether young people enjoy life more than odler people , first of all I would like to compare the advantage and disadvantage of both young and old . One advantage of an young person be the life time they have leave which leave them more option for the future . on the otherhand old people have death come faster than those of young , therefore have limit choice they can do . there be the difference of potential between young and old . although it be arguable that old have the same potential as young , there be more time for young in order to develop their potential . another advantage for young people if the physical ability . although there be exception , young people tend to be more physically fit than those of old . also young people also have the physical potential which they can build up , whereas it be hard for old people to develop physical strength . old people definately do hold an advantage which young one do n't . from the experience and knowledge they have accumulate from the past year , they be able to understand and take appropriate action where as young one be unexperienced which may cause difficulty in life . a point that young people experience great disadvantage be the restriction set by law on certain people under age . an example will be alcohol , driving and other entertainment that youth be prohibit . old people have the right to reach all of that be possible whereas youth be not . whether old people or young people enjoy life be completely up to the individual . both have advantage and disadvantage . if I be to make an opinion it will be that young people enjoy life more , because I only have view or taste of what it be to be young . also people have always be chase a way to stay alive and young for a long period of time . this idea support my idea the young people enjoy life more . 	JPN
I do not agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . as far as I know , in my university , there be hundred of club that provide extracurriculer activity for student to join in and many of the club be focus on Sevice , include remote primiary school Sevice , fisher village sevices and of couse , community service . all of them be part of student ' society service . usually , those severcing club be very popular around student in my university . their common main concern be to help the whole society to become good , but because they focus on different group of people , they devide to various kind of club . these club will recruit new member at the bigining of the semester and then arrange all the member into different group to design help project . sometimes , it take whole semester to prepare for a big project which may conclude several university and carry out together duing summer or winter vacation . these student really do some miricles to the community , even the society , by donate their idea and effort to go on some activity such as pick up every piece of paper on one specific community , give a bath to the old who live alone or offer free after-school tutor for child in remote rigion . How could one say that there be no young people willing to spend time participate in those work for simply because there be many student spend thier time right before the computer or in KTV ? however , there be still shortage for human resource when it come to help the community or society . we need more young volunteer to go outdoor and take part in the project that club or government have design . there be always a need for one more hand in any place . 	CHI
nowadays young people seem to be more concerned about their look than about the happiness of their community . I think indeed young people be very selfish nowadays . we can take the example of th riot in france in November , we see indeed that some of young people do n't care about good of people and community . so i agree with the fact that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . first young people have an obsession with their look , they want to wear only expensive clothes . they do n't have any respect for their parent . they demand always the good the most expensive jean , the last mobile . . . without think to their poor parent who work hard in order to spoil their child . secondly i find that child be n't polite anymore . they do n't have any respect for old people . some of young delinquances do n't hesitate to attack a old woman in order to steal her bag . I think it be sad . then young people don ` t care about the cleanless in the public transport , they do n't preserve the infrastructure . they let their waste on the floor and do n't care about who will clean up . 	FRE
there be lot of successful people in our surcumstance . most people know that sucessful people have active mental . it mean they always try to new thing . of course , most successful people doen not to do , accord to reaserch , most successful people do that . first of all , some successful people want to stable life , and they want to become a celebrated person only ane part of somethings which be they do well rather that other people . then , maybe they have lot of benefit about one part of thing , because they already best their part . however , they can not develop about other part . they should keep only their position . therefore , I belive that if they be failure something , they can think that failure be only experience for more approching life . on top of that , everybody know that one of big company which be Sam Sung . the company owner say that success be for prepareing person . it mean that everyone have to try to other thing , when they finish their work , own part . then , you will successful . most people relate earn money . Sam Sung company ' S owner say that you will do that you can earn lot of money and your life be succeful . in short , I belive that most successful people try new thing ans take reisks rather that only do . 	KOR
in a way , I disagree with the statement that Young people nowadays do not devote enough time in help their community . I beleive that in the current time , community themselves do not require much help or much time in help . in the past , people of a small town or a village identify themselves as a community and work towards mutual and communal benefit . there be weekly meeting and the problem of the community be discuss . young people who form the most energetic part of the group volunteer in solve the problem and in arrange festival and local gathering . people be more physically involve the community . they work as a team and one ' S problem be everybody ' S problem . it be natural for young people to be the most active component of the community . in many modernise part of the world , the situation be in stark contrast to what it be in the past . the revolution in communication technology and the advent of the Internet have largely devated people from each other to the computer . system and service have become more efficient and computerized . there be much less need for people , not only young to be involve in any help mainly because there be not much help require . people can discuss problem in e-communities and via email and chat . the town administration have it ' s public website and any problem can be post on it . responsible people can then take necessary action . so today , there be not much help required but there be a big need for idea and in this case young people still form the most active group . so in view of the current time , I disagree . 	HIN
most people have lose thier interest about thier community day by day . people also do n't want to involve in help thier community . so it seem to me that these people that i be accuse not of help their comminities be specailly youngster . however , I ca n't accuse them directly since the sense of help poeple around us should be taugth in their early education such as in elemantary school . moreover family should be take care of this issue . the first point that i would like to make be that if you be willingto help your community you should n't wait earn money . as a result young people think that help to other people or partipating in some charlty organization be waste of time . however think like that it be not their fault yet their family do n't talk with their child about the importance of help to people . moreover teacher or school department do n't encourage the youngster to help their comminities . for instance when I be in highschool , our teacher encourage us to go to the house for elderly . Furhermore they be bring us to the forest in order to culture a tree in everymonths . but the school stop do this activity because of its cost . in addition I be conviced that young people ca n't understand the benefit of help their community . let us look another reason why younsters do n't help their community . I believe that their circulum in the school be so busy . they have to study and they have to pass their class . it be apparent that those responsibility be stress them out . however they can help their comminities in their spare time . I be convince that most youngster spend their time play video game , chat Internet or interesting in celebrity ' life . they can take a action in some help organization instead of do these activity . To sum up , I agree with young people do n't help their comminitiees as much as they should . but , the most importanly , it be not their fault . some shoul teach them the importanceof participate to help their comminities such as their parent and their teacher . 	TUR
the statement ` ` it be good to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject ' ' be an important point , which play a big role in society , especially in education . on the one hand you can agree with this statement , because it be very important to have a basic background of education . you should know the basic fact in different academic subject . this way of think we can find in school . at school the pupil be eccept to be good in every subject . the souhld be good at math , language , biology , chemistry and sport . so a pupil have to concentrate for every subject to achieve good result after school . on the other hand critical people would ask : ` ` why should a pupil , who be good and very interested in maths be also good and interestesd in sport ? ' ' this would be the other way of thinking . some parent for example think that be enough when pupil be talented in certain subject , because after school they go to a university , where they also concentrate just on a special subject , which they choose to study . I be of the opinion that a mix of two way be the good solution . I think , people and espaccially child , should have a basic education in ervery subject . it make no sense to send a child very early to a school , which be base on a special subject , like a science school for example or a sport school . pupil should learn the basic information in poltics or in geography and other important subject . I think it be a good way to send child firstly on a normal school and after graduating pupil have to decide on their own , where they want to go and wich university mostly agree with their own interest . so the pupil would have a basic knowledge which you need in society and after this they can concentrate on a special subject . 	GER
presently our life be a big full-immersion into the most different kind of advertisement . no more possibility to escape . not yet . some people think that a lot of advertisement make product seem much good than they really be , other believe that advertisement be the image of a safe market . I think the most advertisement do n't tell us the truth but obviously make product seem much good than they really be , in order to enlarge their profit and be competitive on the global market . first of all , these day we can assist at the death of the local dimension of market and at the enlargment of the economic actor , therefore the key word to understand this current process be competition . in order to resist , the economic operator try to sell as much as possible making product seem much good than they really be . second , it be important underline how today the advertisement sell dream behind the product try to convince us for example that it be enough buy a particular model of a car to find the happyness ! in conclusion I be totally agree with the statement and more , I consider this behaviour terrible and not ethic as it would be ! 	ITA
student understand idea and concept . student also understand form learn fact . in my opinion it be important student understand idea and concept before go to learn from fact because there be somany reason in that some explanation with example be give bellow . student learn idea and concept of some topic be very important before go to learing fact . for example take an experiment from a Chemistry lab , without know idea and concept of the experiment what would do in the lab . if possible someone do the experiment without know the idea and concept definetly some explosion go in lab because in the chemical lab we do the experiment whith carefully . with out care , if we do the experiment in the lab definetly will go wrong . for example H2so4 be highy acid , I remember in my class room in my college stadies some student without know the experiment detail and idea he want to do the lab . he put some water into the H2so4 a big explosion take then my teacher scold that boy that be another matter . without know the knowldge and detail he do the experment will give some bad conclusion . take another example some neclier experiment be down there in some country . if we do the some wrong with know or without know there will go a big explosion . in that place definetly we know the idea and concept , without know the concept and idea we can not do anything such place because nucclear wepones give big energy than any other . even Son also give the energy base on the neclear energy . Forthermore give the safty and full detailed information about what student want to learn . if student learn abouts concept and idea , he know the entaire point about what student want to learn from fact . this give no loss of any thing around the place where the application do . moreover some fact know by without know the idea and concept that be another matter . in my opinion we must know the idea and concept before attempt to learn the fact . 	TEL
some people may not agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . but , personally , I think it be really important to try new thing and take risk . therefore , I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . of course , there be some advantage to do only what people already know how to do well . for example , if all we have to do in the whole business life be just one thing , it be effective to focus on that one thing and to learn how to do well , without try new thing and take risk . however , in order to succeed , I find more advantage to try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . like what , I can expand my experience and diversify my skill . moreover , if I only do what I already know how to do well , my experties will be too focus and limit . first of all , I hope to expand my experience and diversify my skill through tring new thing and take risk . I be a businessman work at an investment bank and be require various skill from my customer in the diffrent sector . thus , I need many kind of experience , skill as well as knowledge to meet the various requrements . I believe that I can enhance my value as an investment banker by obtain the wide range of experience and skill . second of all , if I only do what I already know how to do well , my experties will be too focus and limit . the circumstance in the world change rapidly nowadays . if my skill , that be the only experty for me , become out of date , I will lose the competence in the society and will have a poor life . this situation do not mean my success . in addition to that , I be a person who like change , therefore , do only what I already do might be borering to me . the boring life be not a success for me . my primary consideration with regard to my life be to success by expand my experience and diversifing my skill . thus , I agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only do what they already know how to do well . 	JPN
Let ' s define what we hear by young and old person . for me a young person be typically a student . on the contrary an old person will be someone who have accomplish his professionnal carrier . first , we will try to define how young people enjoy their life . I be convince that a student try to experience lot of thing . it be say that it be the good age to travel . in fact young person do not need a great confort to travel . moreover the connection with their parent begin to break . they have not really lot of thing which can make them stay in the same place . so that be right , they really have all argument to travel , discover new country , coutums and civilisation . but be it really enjoy life . it be sure that it be easy for them to travel but be they mature enough to keep in mind their experience . they certainly hqve not the same approach their parent would have by visit new country . it be also important for them to experience new thing like be responsable , have a budget to conserve . those thing can inhibit their life . then we will discrib what can be the life for an old person . if this person be healthy enough I assume that it be the good period . your child have finish their study , you manage to educate them . you can endly enjoy your life and have profit of your year of professional activity . travel , take time to cook , make sport , take part in associassions . in fact you have time for do what you want . in the one hand you have lot of time but in the other hand you have not . certainly you have establish lot of thing to do but it be hard to manage to do all . usually the question be also be I still able to do this ? To conclude I would say that old people may more enjoy their life . principally it depend on their health . it be sure they will be fastly tired but they have their experience to choose essential thing to do . young person do not have this experience but be work on it by try to enjoy the most they can their life . 	FRE
the question say that in twenty year there will be few car in use than now . I agree with this affermation and I consider the pollution the main cause . in our day there be more pollution than in the past that be cause by industralization . for this reason the ozono whole grow up day for day and with its the ultraviolet light that be nocive fot our health . To resolve this issue , we must decrement air pollution and the car with other mean of trasports , for exemple train , be the main cause . if we wont clean air we must use other mean of travel that respect the environment such as bycycle . another way to reduce pollution be the minor use of train and expecially car that can be use by less people than train and for this reason be less efficients than other mean and more noumerose . for this reason I think that this great number of car , must be decremented if we wont resolve the problem of pollution . in many city the car can be use only for few day at week , this be an important thing that bring me to believe that in the future I will can use only train or other mean as train that can be transport more than one parson for time . only in this way we will can have a clean air , a clean environment , a clean sea but not only because only in this way we will be more healty and so expecially less ill because many sick be cause by pollution of car train and so on . by 	ITA
